user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=w5lCcxvu6QdL45Imr8VmOg	Broke some ribs mountain biking in Laguna and was looking for a local place that seemed promising... this place delivers on multiple categories: easy walk-in, friendy staff, neighboring imaging center for high resolution imaging, and with reasonable fees.  Thanks guys!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Jq33ZeqyEsQnQzLBqog9Ug	Dr. Doonan is great... the rest of the staff... ALL of them are horrible. Dr. Doonan isn't always there, for example I called to see him but he didn't even come in until noon that day. Must be nice. Staff is often standing around talking while patients wait to be seen. Very unproductive environment..I went in on Sunday (3/11) with horrible symptoms (ear pain, sinus pressure, the worst pain in my throat that felt like my breath was being restricted, chills, body ache). I was crying I was in so much pain. A nurse practitioner (which is what you'll get 90% of the time here) advised me to take 12 hour sudafed, flonaise, and zertec d... to "dry out my sinuses". He said if the symptoms continued for 5 days to come back in. In that vulnerable state I took his advice and purchased the drugs. The following day, Monday (3/12) all my symptoms were worse and now I had a 102 fever. I called the office and they said, "sorry no one can help you out until the Dr is back in the following day at noon. I was in tears and they could care less..At my friend's recommendation I went to Irvine Urgent Care off Alton. The Dr (not nurse) saw me right away. Took one look at my ears/nose/throat and told me I was in bad shape (sinus infection, double ear infection, infection in my throat) and should be on something strong to resolve this issue. He gave me two shots in the bum, a z-pack, and an IV drip. THANK YOU!!!.I would like to ta say this was a one time thing but this has been my experience with them the past 4 visits. Always coming back for a new prescription, re-explaining the issue, needing something stronger despite explaining that I do not respond to Amoxocilan. Honestly my only positive experience here was when I sprained my ankle. You can't really mess that up..This place is horrible! I am never returning. Go to Marque Urgent care around the corner or like I did drive to Irvine Urgent Care and see a professional!	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QIqcSLxmzogsXOg8m7TTLA	This place is a scam. The medical crew do not have the necessary training. They consistently mis-diagnose important medical issues. Then when you call them in a couple of days because your condition is worse, they refuse to give you medication until you go back in. Another office  visit and another fee. I've had to go in 3 time for pneumonia and was consistently told it was post has drip. Until I ended up at hoag ER and finally received the necessary medical attention. stay away from this place.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WBPUZFtrE3KCQk0FoSODJQ	My first visit went basically well other than a long wait time to be seen. Being out of my hometown and trying to avoid ER costs, I needed to stay. I was informed there was a 90 minute wait time. It was a bit more of a wait time than that. Once put into a room, the visit went fairly quickly considering everything involved with an in office procedure. Dr Jennifer R was excellent. Dr Carly was amazing as well for the followup appt..A bit of a heated problem with receptionist On the followup visit the next day regarding billing and checking in for scheduled followup appt. .I experienced an extremely frustrating situation with a rude receptionist while trying to checkin. I was treated like a criminal for requesting to be billed. I was told I needed to put a credit card on file (which I never do because billing goes through my BCBS PPO) or pay my whole deductible ($1000) up front instead of a standard copay even. Who in their right mind would do that?  .I felt like I was being strong armed for an exuberant amount of money. If anything, I'd owe a $20-$40 copay for the visit. You think I'd be easily reimbursed the $960 if I paid my deductible, don't think so. I've never had a problem being billed before. My insurance covers whatever happens in the office visit and the 1 procedure followup is part of that visit I already paid my copay for..The receptionist started checking in others around me as I stood there even, as if my appt was terminated and it didn't matter if I stayed or left. Almost left, but since I had an incision that needed repacking it was necessary for the followup. So all I could do was stand there and keep inquiring how to get the 1 insurance covered followup appt. already covered by my previous copay. .I was then given a phone, cord stretched across the receptionist's desk and over the counter, to speak with their biller on why they won't bill me. I was told by the biller that other people don't pay their bills so billing isn't an option. Even after discussing my situation with the biller and agreeing the followup visit is covered by the original copay, she still insisted I pay my whole deductible ($1000) before my followup visit. What?.I was also falsely accused at that point by the receptionist of being aggressive, because when trying to hand the phone that was stretched across the counter top back it dropped on her desk in front of her.  I was nervously shaking, frustrated, and being strong armed for money just for an insurance covered followup ---whose aggressive? I was standing there looking for a resolution and being pushed aside. I guess I needed to hear you can leave if you don't pay, but I just couldn't believe what was taking place. Being Refused the followup repacking to a procedure, made no sense. So I stood there and kept trying to get checked in..I felt Humiliated in front of other patients just for asking and trying to discuss how to get the insurance covered followup visit to repack an incision made the day before. Having to try to resolve my check-in process as she checked others in was the most rudest thing experienced, as if my appt was cancelled or didn't matter now because I requested to be billed. So she leaves me standing there as other patients moved me aside. Ridiculous.  .I've never experienced such a request at any doctor's visit. If this followup wasn't revolved around a procedure I just had the day before in this office and needing immediate attention, I would have just walked out. Unfortunately, I needed to be there. Of course, I'm at their mercy and knew it's just the receptionist/billing that is the problem not the doctors. The receptionist did finally get called to a back office and finally came back and checked me in after approx. 20 minutes of me standing there trying to get checked in..All I can say at this point is no one should have to experience that kind of treatment. I have BCBS PPO, which is an excellent health plan. So there is no issue with being paid what they're contracted to get paid. If I owe anything, I'm notified and pay. In this situation, the followup was covered and they already got my payment..Hopefully they can provide better customer service from the receptionists regarding billing options. .If you Get passed the receptionists, your experience with doctors will be quality service. The doctors and nursing staff treated me well. I felt they sincerely cared and understood my health issue and I felt confident in the resolution. I also appreciated, not just being sent home with the problem untreated.	3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2O4fMVhEyAoGTeB3Ket8ew	Dr Doonan was beyond amazing when my son had an irregular diagnosis with a heart arrhythmia  . Dr Doonan called yes actually called our family to make sure we were OK..Old fashioned ethics and care in a fast paced world much appreciated by this family..Thank you, Thank you we love Dr Doonan..Julie Locke Casper for our family	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lHDpw_snInxFWwiOskV2mQ	Sadly we had a to make a visit to Urgent Care due to my son's sudden high fever, luckily however we were treated promptly with kind and considerate customer service. From reception to our exam we were treated beautifully .with loving care!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=n--gUGn8FusPnH7oqAJjIw	I went to Newport Center Urgent Care to get a flu shot. I didn't even feel the shot.  Ask for Christiana she is really nice.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3ooa2lYS0oWpWVNRrXTZhA	I visited this morning and have been before with my daughter. I like the electronic health record idea. It saves paper and is really easy. I got to the last screen and it said the copay would be some ridiculous amount. The receptionist came to me before I could say anything and told me that it was showing an incorrect amount. What a relief!.Anyway I was told it would take 20-30 minutes to get in a room. It was exactly 30. I waited in the room for probably 10 more minutes. Doctor saw me & treated my issue and I was out of there in less than 1 hour. Awesome!! Everyone was super nice and it was a great experience. They sent my prescription to the pharmacy and it was ready for me to pick up on the way home.  .Previously when I went with my daughter it was great as well. I took her in the afternoon when it was much busier. The wait time was longer than an hour but they informed me & told me they would call my cell phone when it was nearing our time to see the doc. No problem! Glad we didn't have to sit & wait in a room with potentially sick patients. You can wait out front on the benches if you want fresh air. We went to fashion island for a bit and waited for the phone call. Once we got in they had to do an x-ray. Everything went really quickly and they wrapped her arm. Explained everything very easily to us. Great experience both visits. I prefer this urgent care over others in the area.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RVD6jtmTNbkb-qyEyncAbA	Best urgent care experience ever! I checked in and got seen within 10 minutes, saw Dr Jason A Ochoa, he was great, very friendly and competent and got me in and out super quickly, got my prescription sent down the street. Overall process was about 30 minutes, super super place, definitely would recommend to all my friends and family.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=o8bCRUuGTSY6eVg0eFPLfQ	This is the hands down best experience with urgent care's that I have had. They tell you how long it will take to be seen, they have a clean waiting room. Even on the busiest days I will still go there because I know the service will be good. The M.A's are very friendly and calming. Everyone is very certified and treat me professionally and with lots of care. They never assume anything that is wrong and always try to find answers that are black and white. Any concern that I have they always take it to heart and care about me personally! I love it there! I highly recommend going to this urgent care! I also love that they are open on the weekends! :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CTVC2gAZ2PUGxbXc95OMqQ	Girls in front didn't greet me when I walked in, they completely ignored me. They were extremely moody and made an already bad situation even worse. I had to ask them for the paper work to fill out, since it was my first time there. I asked for proof that I received vaccines as I was checking out and they sent me a receipt WHICH WON't SUFFICE...so so unprofessional. They clearly need more training. .The only good thing I can say about this place is that the nurse was extremely kind and made my visit pleasant.	5 3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2KgVirrmaGdIuIwb76xDOw	No MD on site..I went in with abdominal pain in May of 2017. After beeing seen by a PA, I was released with no answer and more anxiety. I wish they had told me that the doctor was a vacation..Fool me once, shame on me...	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZFzD8fZSZxJx97DiaY9Hqw	I have been to this urgent care at least 4 times now & seriously the wait takes legit an hour and a half. If I could accumulate the total amount of hours of each visit, my time there would be 2 hours and a half by the time I've gone in and gotten a diagnosis of my condition and out. The recent visit was regarding my fractured foot. I had gotten my orthopedic boot that day from this urgent care and was told that my insurance would cover it since I was scared that it would not considering the fact that this orthopedic boot is also on amazon for $40 but they were charging it for $230... the greatest disappointment was being mailed a month later having to pay out of pocket of $150 after being told my insurance would cover the expenses... I will definitely never go back to this place and tell all my friends & family to not go here either.	4 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RKoc8ZwuY5qTPbTxsZ0z9w	The best help i've ever received at a doctors office. Friendly staff. Very quick without an appointment.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QRWaAHltjZOicLyjDAf9EA	The Newport Center Urgent Care provides excellent patient care! If anyone wants quality medical care I would recommend all of the providers. I have been there numerous times and I'm finally writing a review. They are my first choice for healthcare in Newport Beach! The facility is clean, cozy, and the staff is always willing to go above and beyond. Thank you Newport Center Urgent Care for keeping me healthy.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jsS7J6Db55UstDEfmXzPTA	Once again, Newport Center UC was as easy & mellow as going to a UC can be..It had been awhile since I had been there, but luckily Dr Doonan was in & it was around dinnertime so I was able to see the doctor within 10 minutes :) .As usual, Dr Doonan was kind, considerate & sweet. It felt like I was talking with a friend & telling him what was going on with me. He knew right away what was the best course of action for me & I was able to purchase the medicine I needed right there & was on my way in no time..Thank you again to the staff & Dr Doonan for being kind, helpful & awesome as always!!.Take Care .Stephanie Masley	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2UmfvhCL3kHUv2UizLF8Nw	You do have to wait occasionally unless you go in first thing. Other than that, they have helped my with recurring sinus infections.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yg7Hvq9fKGBgllGj61VU0A	Dr Doonan is THE BEST! .Every time I come in he is in a great mood. He cares about his patients and spends plenty of time discussing your issues. .Sometimes the wait is long but it's worth it. I never feel rushed.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=s9Dizb8CRDt9ZAtcvMO-JQ	Came here to get 6 stitches out of my chin. Despite my massive facial hair the doctor was extremely meticulous, kind, and caring. He spoke to me very genuinely and followed up to make sure I was good. And unlike the other Urgent Care in the area (Vital Care = crooks), they did not double charge me and refuse to give me my money back..I highly recommend this place.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tYFoY6Gz5p73_cTTVcCIww	I twice made appointments for a simple physical with Dr. Doonan. The first time I waited an hour only to be told it might be another hour and would I like to reschedule. So I did.  I showed up the second time, waited in a freezing exam room for an hour and 20 mins and finally walked out. This place is OK if you need antibiotics from a nurse practitioner (you won't see doc most of the time). But don't go here if you have anything serious or if you can't spare a couple hours. Always call first to see how long the wait will be.	1	1.0 star rating
