user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=27Q1knvoiTzgMkM3z0kCpQ	I injured my back a few months ago, and I was with Kaiserpermanente at that time. I had gone to Kaiser multiple times do to the pain I was suffering from. I finally lost my faith in the doctors at Kaiserpermanente and decided to go to coastline Urgent Care. I saw Dr. Le and he was such a breath of fresh air. He took time to listen to me and then worked on trying to find out a solution for my back. I cried because he was the first Doctor in months to actually treat me like a patient and not a burden. He was kind, empathetic, and professional. He helped me so much during my transition from Kaiserpermanente to a different insurance group. He would call me to ask how my treatment was going and discuss the next steps for my recovery. I was very pleased with how I was treated at coastline, not only by Doctor Le, but by the staff there as well (Yessica is a sweetheart).	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KizwHAW6O3p-qy0k6MbCjA	Could have gone to an urgent care near my house with bad Yelp reviews, but chose to drive a few miles and come here since it had such great reviews. Was not disappointed! The receptionist was super friendly and efficient, and even though I was a new patient and had to fill out paperwork, the wait was not long at all. I saw a Certified Physician Assistant, Van Laurie Nguyen. She was super thorough, answered all of my questions, and explained my course of treatment. If I ever need urgent care again, I'm coming back!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QF26egh4UfBODN9Ugr84Kg	This is a late review. I am very happy with Dr. Lee. He helped me during my pregnancy's mishaps like 2 month long cough, muscle spasms and cold during my third trimester. Thank you so much for all the help. His office ladies are the nicest! The wait time is not bad at all, consider it is an urgent care. Now I have a healthy babygirl and I will be coming back!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lKGNtwt-CM6Em3_Oz-UarQ	The staff is so nice, efficient, and competent! This is best urgent care I've ever been too.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tWS_3-kzfuFc9tZR5R9Uaw	Best decision i made to try this urgent care clinic with my husband because I don't want to go back to ER last time and takes so long to wait to see a doctor. It's not really emergency. And This clinic are very friendly and hospitality. Their office are nice and clean. After to see Dr. Nguyen, she give me advice and a description right away. And for the cost is not that bad and I don't have insurance. they charged me for $60. I definitely come back here, instead to go ER. Fast service!! Thank you again.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qW6HeO1lhoUyPpnPp8B2nw	Absolutely love everything about this office! "Hands down" the best medical office i have ever walked into- and i have been working in the medical field for over 10 years... From the rexeptionist Yessica, to the M.As' in the back, to Dr. Le himself, this staff is amazing when it comes to service!!! The office ALWAYS is clean and smells great, i NEVER WAIT, and i never feel rushed! Even when im at my worst and feel horrible, this staff is patient and always a pleasure to talk to. This office has it all and never lets you down! #Clean #Customerservice #Consistant #bestmedicaloffice2018		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4n2X6lAqzToDjfMYKPYG7w	Smoothest doctor's visit ever..Came in for a sore throat around 4pm on a Friday. .Nice receptionist, quick paper work, polite and professional nursing staff took me to a room within minutes. Vitals and questions were a breeze. Saw the doctor a moment later. .The nurse tested me for strep and offered water while I waited. 5 mins later doctor came back to tell me it was neg, told me which over counter meds to take, but gave me a script for antibiotics, in case it got worse..I was very impressed with the care and efficiency of the staff. The office itself is brand new, clean, with latest equipment. .If a doctor's visit could ever be enjoyable and pleasant, this was it!	8	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3A_H-BYo8D9XaClbMbXUDw	I've been here a couple times and I can say all my experiences has been splendid. I think I prefer going here than to a primacy physician in all honesty. I was jumping doctor to doctor since I had school insurance for so long, so when I graduated I only went to urgent care if I was really sick. I stumbled upon to spot one time when I had these crazy symptoms and kept coughing literally every minute. I found out I had bronchitis and no matter what I did it never went away for a whole month. The staff and Dr. Le really treat you well and he explains everything very thoroughly. I've come back before for some more personal issues and has to call back the office to get their authorization on an e prescription and the front desk was right on it and called me back when it was done. I will continue to go here for any issues (I hope I don't have to come often!). Great great service! .Also check into Yelp and you get a free first aid kit. It has come in handy for me multiple times!!!!!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=e68oQigb5Ii9XndszlO0yg	I needed to find a new Dr. when my primary care physician moved over to Kaiser several years ago. I've been coming here for a couple of years now and I couldn't be more happy with the care I have received. Dr. Le is simply wonderful. The staff has been great as well. The facility is clean and modern. I highly recommend coming here!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7Ovo3yRLghb7VaDpBTH4fg	The best urgent care I have ever been to. Dr. Lee is the best! I came in for a UTI that I thought I had gotten rid of but it came back. I was in very fast and everyone was very nice. Dr.Lee explained everything very well to me and put me on antibiotics for 10 days. Within that time he made sure to check up on me to make sure I was doing okay. I've never had that happen. Awesome patient care!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gbCM0Js1xrXnZDkINAe1lg	This place is AMAZING. I live in Costa Mesa and was deathly ill (bronchitis) and I really wanted to go somewhere close to my house because I could barely move. All the ones by my house had iffy reviews and what looked like long wait times. I came here, saw a doctor and had prescription in hand within an hour. Everyone was SO nice. I met with the PA (forget her name!) and she was patient, kind and I could tell she truly cared..I am SO happy I found this place. Highly recommend!	6 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=arzgnar-BHsbGXfcQ3u9lg	Best service ever. I have no insurance and I left there feeling happy and helped. The employees were very professional and patient and friendly. The Dr. was the best. She was quite knowledgeable and professional. .The price to visit was quite reasonable. Only $60.00. Best $60.00 I've ever spent..I highly recommend this place to everyone.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X9BOAPCIsZ3qxzH6abaxSg	The provider who I saw is amazing. Van Nguyen is incredibly thorough and takes the time to explain things to you. She doesn't rush to get to the next patient. I'll certainly be coming back and wonder if I can use them as my primary physician.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5hy1ya7O_bKh7MnrqFRb3Q	Despite not having any insurance coverage, the consultation fee was extremely reasonable. The facility was very clean and the staff was amazing, including the Dr. .It was in and out of there quickly, which is what i wanted since I was feeling ill. I beleive my diagnosis was on point and got medication that was prescribed that was been working well. I will be contining to visit this Dr.'s office.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Uc6HcoEEAQoksMrTcX_wUw	Dr. Tom Le is the best. My wife and I have been coming here since we moved to Costa Mesa and have absolutely no complaints. The staff is kind and they get you set to see the doctor quickly. They can perform a multitude of test on the spot and get you better quick..PA Van Nguyen is also a superstar, super-knowledgeable. Both she and Dr. Le follow up with a phone call when necessary to make sure you actually are getting better. You feel more like you are in a primary setting than in an urgent care clinic..Friendly, clean, thorough and cost-effective. Highly recommended.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ObNqioTFh-qASdTR9qzcjw	Quality service. No hidden extras. Friendly doctor and staff. Affordable (even without insurance). Woke up suffering from a fever, sore throat, body aches and chills. .Went in as soon as they opened. Was seen right away. Doctor did not push any extra services. Was professional in taking my history and asking about my symptoms. Doctors offices make me nervous but she was patient and knowledgeable. Turned out I only needed to get some over the counter medication but I bought some Z pack antibiotic just in case symptoms worsened. Z pack was only $15. Would recommend this clinic to everyone!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ztjSirBpAv55wKe_c6A8AA	The lady in the front was rude to me. She made it seem like she did not want to work there. She made my first experience there unpleasant . Once I walked in everyone was nice. Once I finished and walked out the same lady checked me out and had me ready to pay in the most rudest way.	2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sDPGCWDn9I3eXcBlpr8yAw	Affordable for the non insured (a third of the price for an x-ray compared to a local urgent care)..Went in for an injury to my shoulder, it was very quick to be seen..Had an x-ray and was given an accurate diagnosis, along with treatment recommendations..Would recommend.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jjpKGRrMtFQDwdxI_1f6vw	Walked in without insurance. Staff was friendly and amazingly prompt as was the doctor!!! Thank goodness for people like them and understanding that not everyone living in the OC make millions and still receiving a respectful visit as a human being! Thank you to the staff and doctor so much!!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O4QqV-7QLpN5rd2iPGPTEw	Please save this place as your go to urgent care in case of an emergency. .I had heard about their great service but could not remember the name or address, took me a couple of hours of searching until I found them. Dr. Lee and staff are great. Wait was not too long and I found him a great listener, professional and kind! .Thank you Dr.Lee!	3	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=4PKHFvW6qZm4Wd8BCZpz_w	I have been coming to Dr. Yang for over 10 years now. What I like about him is that he won't make you take medication if he truly thinks you can be cured in a different way (home remedies). Also his staff is so wonderful and friendly and they not only remember me but they remember specific facts about me. You can tell they go out of their way to make their patients feel like family. I recommend Dr. Yang to all of my friends and family and I will recommend him to you too :)	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l3-I5N1HZME3eg9NOGPMTA	Dr. Yang is one of the most caring physicians I have met. He always takes extra time with me and has been treating my family for several years.  I always go to him as my primary care physician and have always had a great experience.  His staff is also very pleasant.  If all professionals were like Dr. Yang, the world would be a better place.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U0Eex-JVKx2VNLY5_d2S-Q	I don't know.  Years ago, I went to see Dr. Yang about a blood test results that showed I was getting pre-diabetic.  Instead of instructing me how to modify my diet and exercise program, he decided to prescribe me medication that contained sulfates which I'm allergic to.  I don't like doctors who just prescribe medication without regard to anything else. .I swell up when I take anything sulfa, sulfates, and I can't even use Neosporin on my skin (there's Polymyxin B Sulfate in there) and wherever I put the Neosporin on my skin, the area swells up to 1/2 inch high, and I had to get it lanced at the urgent care center!  I've also had other preservatives make my throat swell. .I told him I'm ALLERGIC to sulfa, sulfites, He didn't care. He said that it's better to be alive than to be allergic.  When the medicine RX went to the pharmacy, the pharmacy immediately flagged that I'm allergic to this medication and asked him to consider a different one.  HE REFUSED, so I told the pharmacist that I REFUSE the medication because of my allergies. .If I could give 0 stars, I would.  I do NOT agree with his medical opinions.  .To this date, I've lost 45 lbs, went from a size 16 to size 10, and am much healthier through my diet, exercise, and sleep treatments.  The prediabetics is from years of undiagnosed sleep apnea, and as that got treated and my body functioned better, the diet and exercise adjustments really took effect  It just goes to show that doctors don't know everything, and it's better to take responsibility for your own health.	9 4 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=igIifRLStEi3p4rb18KszQ	- great doctor who has had patients for many many years. .- funny guy who can speak multiple languages. (Chinese-Mandarin, Japanese, some spanish, english, i'm sure i'm missing some!).- jokes around with you, but in the end he's always looking out for you. He works hard and is very knowledgeable.- I've had many many friends (and their entire families) who have had him as a doctor..FYI: he's internal medicine with specialization in infectious disease. make sure to see him if you're going somewhere exotic and need to get some vaccines!!	2 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WeXhA4AZ47dysoh54qadPQ	Dr Yang is the best doctor ever! He is warm-hearted and kind to everyone and everything, also, he's a very responsible sort of person, he saved my friend's life. I appreciated his generosity. If you live nearby, Dr Yang is the first choice, highly recommended!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pXZqpetcM9D4dtUtlX2dLQ	I have been a patient of Dr. Yang's for almost 2 years now and I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a new physician.  He is extremely intelligent and well trained in many different fields of medicine. His bedside manner is awesome! He is kind, funny, empathetic and wise. Usually I am a nervous/anxious person around doctors but he has such a calming way about him I always leave my appointment happy. His office staff is fantastic as well.  They are so personable, kind, and helpful. They all sincerely care about you and do whatever they can to accommodate your situation to the best of their ability. I have seen many doctors in my life and I can tell you that Dr. Yang is by far the best I've ever dealt with.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YyKWG0LoQmkAXvSG0_yWYw	Dr Yang treated me on several occasions in the past. He is  professional, compassionate, listens intently, and very funny. My concern was  chronic neck pain that was treated successfully by Dr. Yang using Prolotherapy. .I have not had any pain in that area since Dr. Yang treated me over 4 years ago! I totally forgot about it until now, as I am writing this review.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bmlyCwIIi32-MlL7mBbbNA	Dr Yang also specializes in Infectious Diseases..Davids bottom line-   If your itch wont go away....show doctor Yang your wang.	14 25 12	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=o9SMhUXBbb3BALw592zYZw	I have been seeing Dr Yang for a year now he is by far the best doctor I have had. He takes his time to talk to you. Listens to all the issues and explains things clearly!!! My 14 year old thinks he is the coolest! I have recommended  him to everyone I know. He is truly a wonderful caring doctor. You should really give him a try.. Great with my teenager!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HFDYNm31TSWpeGqgSP1JeQ	I visited Dr Yang for a infection problem since he was the only infectious disease doctor who could see me the next day.  I think he's a great doctor.  Not only he treated my problem successfully and quickly, he also sent follow up emails over the weekend to see how I was doing.  Since I was paying out of pocket, his rate was very reasonable also.  I'll pick him to be my family doctor without hesitation.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=65p3v92g_lqriJfYP3DrzA	Dr. Yang is very funny, helpful and also professional..I will choose him to be my family doctor..He is a good doctor, go to see him if you need help.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kbGrGsXAV1vb1nMZqmfPqQ	Dr Young yang has been my doctor after battling 25 years of drug dependency. He has been treating me with  Suboxone. I have done allot of research on the drug and it has been a medical break through for the opiate dependent user. It has been close to 4 years now and I have yet to touch any pills that are opiate related drugs. As far as Dr. Yang, He is such truly a very concerned Doctor. I will never forget the numerous calls after I saw him or on his off hours to check on me to make sure I was doing well. Can't say that for other Doctors over the last 45 years. Yes he is a character and likes to make you feel comfortable. But he knows his sh**! I like how he will tell you straight out! No sugar coating it! Very straight to the point on what you should do or change. He is most known for his infectious disease or substance dependency. But can help with just about anything or recommend where you should go. I saw him today which I normally do 4 times a year and had to write this review because he deserves it!	2 2	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=lMR1083kune-AMLzc5ahMQ	I just saw Dr Shirley in US health work and she is so nice...great doctor helps me a lot...I recommend her...		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QewkSnmMfVtoBlZNraqX7w	Dr. Wang is personable and informative. I look forward to working with her again in the near future.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_RLAC_9VXeRhKt0jmwSTwA	So I got a physical done and they found something in my urine. This Dr  explained some of the causes... And explained some solutions... with her advice I followed up with my own doctor... it was very interesting to say the least of her accuracy that I felt like I might try some of her suggestions... This new year's resolution... Changing my diet to the Keto diet		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OYwxElwsUhNsgGh8Tn85PQ	Dr. Wang was very professional & through with the information regarding my results from a physical. She is very attentive & knowledgable. She helped me walk through a little bit about my blood pressure (which is at a normal level) & how to properly retain it. I definitely recommend you to consult to her ! You won't be disappointed !		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3WbeZp5vQpQFec5DRt-zzw	I had a follow up for a work injury and Dr Wang was very receptive to my needs.  She was very attentive and listened to what I had to say.  I felt that I was understood and cared for.  I was happy with her recommendations and the service she provided.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l47f1UPo0M2sCMF4iE0_WQ	I saw Dr.Wang today. She was doing a physical for a job I applied for.  She's nice, friendly, and she took her time. That's a problem I have with other doctors. She actually looks like she enjoys her career unlike others who treat you like a number, and she's very ambitious. I would love it if she were my primary care giver instead.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ucMyUiGwf7t2tEGVnEcSzg	Dr.Wang is one of the best doctors that you can come by. I honestly have never met a doctor who cares so much about others. I can tell she became a doctor to actually help/heal people. I usually don't get that feeling with other doctors. I initially called her because I was having a few health issues: severe cough, hormone issues, weight loss, etc. She spent a good amount of time on the phone with me going over all my options and possible treatments. She was even open to more holistic/natural approaches. Dr.Wang also made me realize that I need to focus on my health more and take care of myself. I'm the type to ignore symptoms because I hate going to the doctor. I now know that I can't continue this way. I would definitely recommend her to family and friends. She is worth going to.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=paBeyNpPswMJUObd8LpFLA	I saw Dr. Shirley Wang today at U.S. Health Works and she was absolutely amazing! Very efficient and sweet and funny! If I need her again, I will definitely come see her!! Such a sweet doc!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PLLR5XbRvZzEOgr9le7Q8g	Dr. Wang was very friendly and nice. She made me feel very comfortable. Next time if i have to go back i will ask to see her personally. .Thank you Dr. Wang		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=my6Pn89oOFq19SrZHEEANg	Doctor Wang was incredibly nice and thorough in explaining everything. I had to have a physical for a job and Doctor Wang made my visit very enjoyable. Highly recommended		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eMd8gB47a2yfa4vGJMIz6A	I saw Dr. Shirley Wang today and had a gear Check up. Easy to talk to great advice nice smile. Thank you doctor Wang!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nX2ubpHilZdRzmU6pbGK6A	Great doctor made me feel really comfortable but also very professional... great to work with a must see physician		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Sq4upUvc8tBHO7HASO6mkA	I saw Dr Shirley Wang today and she was extremely friendly and thorough. I recommend seeing Dr Wang if you need to see a Dr.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=08ccsvVnWZfWdSP1HtryhQ	My husband is a fire fighter and is being treated by her. He absolutely loves her and her passionate ethic to help. She is extremely informative and helpful. She is approachable and intelligent as you would expect from a good Dr and I would recommend her with the highest of regards.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bAWl4KRNrkLFJqktpqIy4A	Great spirited doctor, dedicated to the patients. Very knowledgeable, when your in loads of pain her spirit can actually distract you from the pain..Thanks Dr Wang!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=90TNDm8wnAlo03Yf30PWFg	In addition to my first review Dr. Wang is a hormone replacement therapy and Thyroid hormone specialist!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hIG4QORnP2yzAwuEnz-zAQ	Very pleasant and professional. Great bedside manner, I would definately recommend her to friends and family. :)		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tJYhMq6ZnOfuMGN6BA31bA	Dr Wang was friendly, knowledgeable, and professional. Everything was clean and organized. Very efficient. I will definitely see her for any medical needs.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L3zx5ixzv8R2uRItQWEdGg	Dr. Shirley Wang was very informative during my visit about the procedures. Very knowledgeable and approachable with any concerns that I had. Answered all questions Definitely benefited from her expertise. 10 Stars if I could!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tEPJqXenLTJKDAgKe9mY6Q	Dr. Wang was great. She listened well and was very hands on in checking to see where the pain was. I have a sprained ankle. She seemed to really know what she was doing and what I needed to get better.		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=V-UYEEF4oL4uTKVzWYJ4Ng	Shirley Wang is the best doctor I've EVER been to. She truly cares about her patients and she goes above and beyond to make sure her patients leave happy and educated. Do not hesitate to go to Dr. Wang. You will not be disappointed.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YOD_weolffHBRWe8u_xRdA	Just been in to see Dr Wang and I must say that it was a very nice visit. Dr Wang listened to my concerns and was very thorough in her explanations. She made me feel comfortable and yet remained very professional.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=s6a-rI6WOuyQ20KSm4oRsw	Went to health works for a physical today and Dr.Wang was so kind and informative. She gave me  information about my medications and advice that was extremely helpful. She made my exam comfortable and she had great bedside manners, plus she made me laugh. I would happily go to her again, she actually listens which was really nice. she was honest and actually cared about what I was saying and I know sometimes doctors don't really listen but that was not the case with her. :)		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cVgwvakESjMmHcKdsrYK6Q	I am happy to the point that Dr. Shirley L wang is my fundamental expert. She is positive and tests to ensure she is understanding for the best course of treatment. Likewise, gives extraordinary proposals and widened resources. Truly grateful!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Qu-NETtbciUWz01Nky9W7w	Dr. Wang did my physical exam and she was great at what she does. She explained things clearly, was polite, listened to and answered my questions patiently. Thank you Dr. Wang!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gLoeNeK3V5RcGgnsuvX8Xg	I visited Dr. Shirley Wang for a work related issue. Dr. Wang was everything a patient wants in a doctor: knowledgeable, friendly, caring and most importantly she didn't rush through the visit. She took the time to listen to all of my concerns.		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=VJ_DtqG7jH955UoVxy1TxA	We recently moved to Irvine. We were looking for a family physician. We found Dr. Mikhail through yelp. After reading reviews, I made an appointment. I got an appointment in dec 2014. After scheduling an appointment, got a call from his office. They changed my appointment from December to Feb 2015. I went to my appointment, Dr. Mikhail was not friendly at all. He entered the room, and asked few questions. It looked like he was in hurry. I had few questions for him, and tried to ask him. He did  answer the questions.... Like .. Ok, u can do it.  He didn't explain at all. He spent less than 10 mins with me..It was my first appointment with him. I am not going there again..Looking for a doctor who can listen to his/her  patient. Not just enter and leave and send a big bill to his patient..Very disappointing	16	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uag9_ZS6an3AuwbZYp0ANg	I rescheduled an appointment, and I waited for it 15 days. when I finally reached that day, they call me and said that the doctor is going to leave early , and we have to reschedule you for another appointment. They gave me another appointment after 6 days . They didn't send me a massage or remind me about the time of my new appointment. I came late while I am thinking I came early because I thought my appointment was afternoon same time as my old appointment . When I said I will wait for the doctor, they said he can't see you today we have to reschedule a new appointment. When I complained about what happened, they didn't care . I wasted my time when I waited for them, and I think you should not waste your time too for nothing or something you can get it faster anywhere else.	10	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t7UWazWkHSSoMAjxBh4YBA	After having migraines for over a month and many urgent care visits, I found this Dr and made an appointment.  he was able to find what caused it right away.  Within a few days of treatment, I was migraine free!! Can't be more grateful!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rdykGZNdOsBwkKsRhAMrzA	Dr. Mikhail is the best primary physician we have ever had.  My husband and I both see him for our primary care and we love him.  He is so professional and really takes great care of both of us and we do have some medical issues.  He is so thorough and really has great attention to our results and always explains everything in detail. His office is beautiful and his office staff is friendly, very helpful and great with patients.  We moved out of the area but we still drive to see Dr. Mikhail. He's worth it.  Highly recommend him for your primary care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hKCJC_lpncBkHk4tw6y_DQ	I have tried several primary care physicians over the last few years and never have been satisfied.  Dr Mikhail and his staff are awesome. I did not have to wait for my appointment. Jamie was very pleasant and efficient. I did not have to wait long to see Dr Mikhail.  He was clearly interested and listened to my concerns and made me feel at ease. He was considerate of my feelings, but very thorough. Friends of mine who are MD's recommended him and go to him themselves. They did not steer me wrong.  I highly recommend Dr Mikhail. He and his staff literally make you feel like you are their most important patient.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OwSp8HB9lpltn8jUXvI-yA	I have been a patient of Dr. Mikhail's for several years now and I always liked his medical philosophy and bedside manner. I give the office one star as they do not follow through with getting the necessary approvals for medications, and apparently keep the doctor in the dark. I emailed Dr. Mikhail directly through NextMD and he merely defended his office to the point of being belligerent with me via email and even dropping me as a patient. I guess I had the temerity to criticize his staff and not worship the ground that he and they walk on. Steer clear and find another physician.	11 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WiIBpnzWGyRiyLxDN4eUJg	Dr. Mikhail is amazing!  I have been his patient for about 5 or 6 years.  He is pleasant, professional, knowledgeable and gives exceptional service.  He answers all my questions without making me feel like they are stupid questions and never rushes through the appointment.  I refer friends and family to him all the time!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BNzNyx8mJNZGGZ7olJB5ng	I have been seeing Dr. Mikhail as my primary care physician for over 10 years. In every interaction, he has been highly competent, knowledgeable, and efficient. He listens well, responds promptly and appropriately, and always provides an exceptional level of care. His front and back office staff are pleasant and professional. I highly recommend Dr. Mikhail to anyone seeking a good internist or primary care doctor. I feel that he really listens to my concerns and is willing to work with me to find solutions that I am comfortable with. If you like to actively participant in your health and healthcare decisions, you will find Dr. Mikhail very easy to work with..I read the negative reviews on this site and, while I respect the opinion and experience of the reviewers, I was left shaking my head because the reported experiences were 180 degrees opposite from my own. If you are looking for a new doctor, you should consider making an appointment to meet Dr. Mikhail.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SGHX8vUS_umljHX-CO2MEg	I'm a new patient with Dr. Mikhail, and I have to agree with all the other reviewers about how great of a doctor he is.  No question there.  But I also want to take a minute to say how great the staff of Maria, Jamie and Stephanie are.  They are one of the best medical staffs I've dealt with in years.  Super quick, responsive and they know their stuff.  I wish all the other doctors I have to see had such great staffs.  They make dealing with the medical bureaucracy simple and easy.  Two thumbs up for these great ladies!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=m_YwEpQfIagxCExCBF7FnA	Dr. Mikhail is an extremely competent internist. I am a long time patient and followed him to his new office. Brand new building with lots of parking. .Dr. Mikhail has a great manner about him and I feel truly cares about me as a patient. He's very intuitive but also a great listener. I believe he has won doctor of the year for several years in the greater Newport area. He is also well credentialed and went to USC Medical school. .His front desk and nursing staff is also very professional and helpful. I highly recommend Irvine Internal to anyone in need of medical attention.	8 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aRdmt3NNIoweqkRl_M1U4g	If you're looking for a doctor who can quickly and accurately address your medical needs, then Dr. Mikhail is the one for you.  First, his staff...awesome, sweet, and really friendly.  Second, his office...little or no wait time...and it's very clean.  Third...most important...Dr. Mikhail is the ultimate medical professional.  Dr. Mikhail has been my primary doctor for over 8 years and I can't imagine going anywhere else...even after I moved away from the area last year.  He listens to your medical issue/s and can quickly and accurately diagnose best method of treatment (all with calm and ease).  I've never felt rushed or pressed to end my visits.  Rather, he takes the time to ask how I am doing and listens intently to what my medical concerns are.  I always (ALWAYS) leave his office feeling great about how I was treated by Dr. Mikhail and his staff.  .A really good way to learn more about Dr. Mikhail is to google his name.  You will immediately notice how highly rated he is.  And all the comments pretty much say the same things...he's a great doctor, awesome practice, caring, accurate diagnosis, knowledgable, etc., etc.  No joke, he's that good!!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2lLboX_VbKSYNuXaDE3ZEw	Dr. Mikhail has been my primary physician for over 10 years now.  He is always available and takes his time during my visits, answering and explaining any and all concerns that i may have..I have recommended his practice to many friends and I'm always pleased to hear from them that their experience was a pleasant one..I highly recommend Dr. Mikhail and his wonderful staff.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aZ3VUtQpAkLWHID_vNnniQ	I have been going to Dr. Mikhail for over almost 8 years and I can't say enough about the staff and  the doctor. I am always greeted with smiling faces! They are quick to respond to emails and phone calls and I have always felt well taken care of. If you are looking for a new doctor, you have to come see Dr. Mikhail!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=02lkdA5w4HQQAnfJ0N5rmQ	Dr mikhail is a very good dr,he diagnosed my medical issues and prescribed medication,for anything that he could not diagnose or treat,he has referred me to other specialists to sort.He is a pleasant and caring man,i have never been kept waiting like other dr's offices where you can sit at reception going gray,quick visits where he does his job,and does it well.I would definitely recommend him!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8b4eX1m5byqC9S4Q034C-g	Dr. Mikhail and his office staff have redefined my expectaions of a primary care physcian. The fact that over a third of my colleagues are now satisfied patients of Dr. Mikhail's is a true testament to the care and dedication of Dr. Mikhail and the entire staff. From the efficiency of the direct communication to the Dr. with the NextMD communication portal to the professionalism and capacity of the front office I am overwhelmingly pleased. On more than one occasion I have thanked Dr. Mikhail for his positive influence to my overall well being. Physicals, blood work and the routine maintenance of my quasi active middle aged body seems so much more of an important priority when you have the support of a Dr. like Emad Mikhail.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=D0JvVDaEhL6m2KQHEphj6A	I just changed to Dr. Mikhail and just had my first consultation with him. He is pretty knowledgeable. He is a big man so kinda intimidating but he was very nice and easy going. He listened to me and addressed all my concerns. He did not dismiss any of my concerns as not relevant. The office staff made me feel very comfortable and the nurse was very nice too.  I think I will be ok with this new office !		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XroJzFx2loa3VyfPEYvjkw	Dr. Mikhail is awesome.  Professional, thorough and caring.  He is not a chatterbox, but he is friendly.  He is after all a doctor, not a hair stylist.  His office staff is great - Maria and Jamie are super friendly and helpful!  Ed H.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L1Nfha0MgF5VfW4PHDiEVA	Dr Mikhail is my primary doctor and he is amazing!! He never rushes me or brushes any questions off. He makes me feel comfortable and is always asking how I am doing. He is very professional and always has an answer for all of my questions without any hesitation. He also emails you through Next MD so that you don't have to deal with calls and callbacks. I never have to wait weeks or months to get an appointment with him, they have worked with me and fit me in depending on my schedule. He is wonderful and everyone I've met in his practice. Highly recommended!!	4 3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Yh5q2mxjKEujQaeu5aEGCg	I once walked in on this doctor yelling at and berating his receptionist like she was a little school girl when he thought no one was watching. He also used a term to refer to her that was sexist and inappropriate in any work setting. I was so shocked by what I saw that I nearly walked out. I had to be seen that day since I was in pain but really wish I could have just left and never come back.  When she tested my blood pressure (normally perfect) it was through the roof just because of what I witnessed and how awful it was! His poor staff member was visibly shaken up and very upset when I asked her if she was ok.  I had a feeling that his staff receive this kind of abuse from him on a regular basis when no one is looking. I just happened to walk in into an empty reception room to witness this scene.  The doctor has also been rude to me personally and dismissive of my concerns. One time when another doctor told me to get some tests done at my primary care doc (Dr. Mikhail), Dr. Mikhail told me in a very rude tone of voice that I should go back to my other doctor and tell him that he isn't his errand boy and if he needs tests done he needs to do them himself. In addition to these absolutely awful instances of rudeness and unacceptable behavior to patients and staff, Dr. Mikhail acts in a very self important kind of way, is very dismissive of patient concerns, believes he knows best about everything, and is generally unpleasant with a terrible bedside manner.	9 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=549UzJpdy_naeu2uLEc-RA	Dr. Mikhail has always taken his time and addressed my concerns.  He is very caring and very professional.  I have recommended Dr. Mikhail to a few friends and their experience was the same.  His staff is courteous and very friendly.	2 1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=91Mo2-qrDaZsFC2zM8Yuqw	Okay. So I've never personally been able to call an office and have the doctor pick up immediately rather than the receptionist or a nurse. Here at Dr. Chang's office, whenever he has a free moment, he isn't checking his email or staring at the pretty view outside their windows, but instead he is sitting at the front desk fielding calls! He answers your questions and tries to be as informative on the phone even before you come into his office. His specialty of being a family doctor definitely shows - his bedside manner is great, he makes you feel like a human, and takes everything you say into consideration. No brushing off of any feelings or concerns. He takes his time and does a great job. He works with his patients, with or without insurance, and from what I can tell has a huge heart - pulling long hours to make sure his patients are taken care of even after having been moved to other hospitals..I came in for a simple immunization - tetanus (plus whooping cough apparently) and a MMR. The MMR shot was actually more painful than the tetanus shot, leading me to believe it was just because of where it was injected. The tetanus was surprisingly quick and relatively painless - it's like an ant bit you in the arm. The days after admittedly sucked, when my arm felt like I had worked out for 24 hours with 100 pound weights. But that isn't Dr. Chang's fault! .All in all, if I had to get another check up I would come back to Dr. Chang. He is awesome, cares about his patients, is attentive and informative, and all in all is a great doctor. If I live in SoCal after I have kids I would definitely bring them to Dr. Chang.	6 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rtKPtay5WWTFt7DmJRGcxQ	Dr. Chang has been my PCP for over two years now and I couldn't ask for a better doctor. He is kind, caring, meticulous and has great bedside manner. .On the very first appointment, he spent over an hour going through my medical history asking many questions and carefully noting them down - this was very different from the experiences I have had with other doctors who seemed to want to spend as little time as they could with you rushing to go see the next patient. As another reviewer noted, I never felt rushed through by Dr. Chang - he spends enough time listening to you to properly understand what your problem is before prescribing a treatment for you unlike some doctors who make you wait an hour in the room only to come see you for a couple of minutes and give you a prescription / treatment without fully understanding your symptoms. .Also, he is easy to get hold of - via email and phone - even after hours when necessary. I was extremely impressed when I received emails personally written by him detailing my lab results. .I have been extremely happy with Dr. Chang so I have recommended him as the primary care physician to my wife. She likes him too..If you are looking for a PCP in the Irvine area, I highly recommend him..09/24/2015 UPDATE:.It has been a few years, Dr. Chang is my primary care physician. Every time I get a chance to deal with him - be it in an office visit, or on the phone, I can't help but feel how lucky I am to have him as my PCP. Excellent doctor!	9	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JgILjCA0Y4zbeM4lLmFqAw	I was a bit skeptical about this doctor because there were absolutely no reviews about him anywhere. Since he was in the building next to my hospital, I just strolled on in.  .The office I stepped into had a feng shui cozy feeling.  There were sofas with pillows and piano music!! I felt so relaxed there.  Whenever I go there, I never have to wait more than 5 minutes. Fast, relaxing, and the staff here are great. Very friendly and they care about you..I have a thyroid problem and trust me, it's such a hassle to go to the doctors.  But I really do enjoy going here for my check ups and follow ups, etc. Also, Dr. Chang really takes the time to get to know you.  I really like how he doesn't just come in, asks what's wrong, gives you a prescription, and leaves.  Another thing is that my thyroid problem gives me a bunch of other issues and Dr. Chang actually calls specialists FOR me and see if they accept my insurance.  I would give this place a 10 star if I could! :)	10	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=woaYGTB15DBz0MqiMMaGYA	Dr. Chang is an amazing doctor. He is extremely attentive and will spend as much time as needed to answer any questions. I never feel rushed and always feel comfortable with his recommendations and suggestions.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ApV5mSN003hvu_BxymREXg	I went there for regular check up. .Dr. Chang was very professional and helpful..He can speak Korean and english so it might be an good info for some korean people as well..Good job you guys and keep it up.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g6V07grIL1eQHSK5Ux3TJQ	Dr Chang is an amazing doctor. He is patient, attentive and very considerate. I have allergy problems and there is time he just asks me to come and have him take a look. He is awesome. I wished I still live in the area.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dlbSu-8NhDPLzq8s2TQBKw	Dr. Albert Chang of Irvine is an incredibly attentive PCP. Not only does he take the time to listen to patients, but he ensures he understands and takes whatever amount of time is needed to respond to all questions. Once when I called a little after hours (to leave a message), he answered the phone himself and handled my request on the spot. He also responds to e-mails (once on a Sunday!), so is particularly appreciated when I'm traveling across the country or even out of the country..My wife and I are very pleased with Dr. Chang's care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DVvy5H3zqqomXzs9FXvi6A	very kind doctor, I was very impressed with his staff and how professional Dr. Chang was. I left his office with a sense of relief that I finally have found a doctor who cares about my health and not just about collecting co-pays!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U6mZBmoy1UKiNhk_YfT3PQ	I was impressed with Dr. Chang.  I fear doctors (since I was young) and he made me feel pretty comfortable.  I didn't even feel the needle when he checked my blood - I absolutely HATE needles.  He is also genuinely concerned about the patient - he wants to get to the problem and take care of it.  He takes his time talking to the patient and works with them if they don't have insurance.  I have recommended him to my friends - everyone likes him.  His assistant, Christina, is also very helpful.  His practice is very professional.  Unlike some doctors, I find Dr. Chang not only to be knowledgeable in his practice but very caring and honest - very human!  .Iris S.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1GSs3wxFqeV8ox78MoUs8A	Front office staff is completely inept and does not care about patients.  Cannot speak for Dr. Chang since I have not been able to get an appointment.  I had an appointment scheduled, then they could not find it in their system.  New appointment would be 2 weeks out even though it was their mistake.  They said they are "just too busy."  Very poor service.  Steer clear.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8GOay0Tx8oJ-9ow3y2VYQg	I became a fan of Dr. Chang's the moment I called his office.  As Ellen C. mentioned, Dr. Chang answered the phone.  Even on the phone, he was very pleasant and very helpful, but, even more so, during my first appointment with him.  He is the only doctor that I've ever been to who did not make me feel like I was on some timed game show ("quick tell me everything...you've got 10 seconds...go!).  Dr. Chang sat down and took the time to gather all my information and to address all my concerns.  He is very soft spoken and has a very compassionate nature about him.  His assistant, Christie, has some skills, too.  She drew my blood and gave me a shot and I hardly felt anything!  I would have to say that this is the best doctor's visit experience that I've had.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8e_Y3Ux87DAywHFodFdHTA	Dr. Chang is an excellent and caring doctor, but Jessica who works at the front desk is the worst I have seen. I called the doctor's office to make an appointment for a cholesterol blood test which doesn't require to see Dr. Chang.  Jessica on the phone gave me an appointment time for the next day, which is today. I went to the office on time and waited and waited. 1.25 hrs later I was still waiting so I asked Jessica at the desk why every time I went to Chang's office for an appointment, the wait exceeded an hour which is uncommon. Her response was 1) the doctor ordered her to schedule patients this way so don't talk to her about this, go talk to him, 2) change doctor if I don't like it. She then accused me of lying in saying that I have a scheduled appointment & I was a mere 'walk-in' until I showed her the calling log on my cell, and she was the who gave me the appointment time on the phone! In hindsight,  I was wondering why she didn't ask me for my name when booking me on the phone, I was the one who told her my name when she was about to end the call. She is as incompetent as she is rude, and does great injustice to the good doctor.	20 10 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=itRV-PECBiUfwyzHtbuYpw	Dr. Chang has been our family doctor for quite a few years now and I have only positive things to say. In an era where the quality of medical care has decreased, Dr. Chang's office, including the staff, is a breath of fresh air. He will take as much time as you need yet they will always find a way to fit you in to their busy practice. The only reason I have selected 5 stars is because Yelp doesn't offer 10! And you can bring your children and teens here with full confidence of individualized professional healthcare.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c50RgrMdifmvLdVeJe0nsQ	called this place cause it had good rating but sadly they are not taking new patients	1 3	3.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=mqxE9StGVUR2iyFf7SjwLQ	Dr Albert Chang, he is one of the best primary doctor, very caring, listen to all your concern and give you the best attention!.He always returning call and he works on saturday too (for emergency/sick).	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QMExXzhLmeDgcAgPxtRGJg	Dr is okay but he is always in a rush. Staff is very non professional and unorganized though. You have to keep calling for prescriptions, refills, referrals. They lost my important paper work twice		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=k5NEB72aG-UEUlJLKKVCDA	My husband (First Health PPO) and both of my parents (on Medi Medi) are at Dr. Chang and use him as a primary care physician. He has great referrals, has caring mannerisms, is thorough, and affordable. Sometimes, it is hard to get through but if you speak korean, they will fast track your call (SOMETIMES) to a Korean speaker. I highly recommend him.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Fy4Xor3yDnrlzrH-O46NEw	We moved from Wisconsin to CA last year and I found Dr. Chang from Yelp. Truly amazing doctor from A to Z.  We connected from A to Z.  If there is a perfect person, here is one.  Well, almost.  My wife is Korean but I am not.  So I endorsed him not because of language, at least I don't speak a word of Korean at all.  Anyway, I understand when people gave him great review. I saw one negative guy said about the people who gave him great reviews were his friends or he bought us off.  Said what you want to say.  Nobody paid me a dime to tell me what to say on Yelp, period. I am 66 years old, and I don't lie on Yelp as I rarely do feedbacks on Yelp.  Anyway, I totally trusted him as a doctor and as a human being.  We saw him 2 times. The first time he spent extraordinarily long time to go over wife's health issues, even on a very busy day.  The second time was much faster because the test lab report came back with good results.  Btw, we found out even where he practiced long time ago, and we talked socially too.  What else, he is just too far away from where we live, about 15 minutes drive. So that part is not ideal, but it is not a reason to give him less Stars than 5.  Lastly, wife wishes that he has money to replace the older sofas in the receptionist area.  I don't care for that but it shows that he is not making good money from us to pay for new sofas.  I just LOVE this man..God bless you guys who choose him as your PCP.  He truly cares.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mE091Q5tR9ErX9wU5LuzDw	I was very glad to find a GP that's within network and had a great rating. Plus I needed a blood test urgently and his receptionist kindly squeezed me in for a next day appointment. Although my appointment was squeezed in, Dr. Chang took his time to answer all of my questions and took care all of my medical needs. I was also surprised to find that I didn't even have a copay for a in-network GP. Previously I had to pay nearly $400 for an initial GP visit and $230 for followup visits. I am extremely happy and just wish Dr. Chang will not move..If your primary language is Korean and don't speak English fluently, you will have no problem communicating with Dr. Chang since he speaks fluent Korean.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vFFt_NMfNOf5T1p_B2c0mQ	Once again Yelp did not let me down.  We were looking for a family practitioner in the area and simply chose the one in our network with the highest and most ratings and over the following year experienced firsthand some of the most outstanding patient care we've ever seen.  So it's not a surprise that his A+ ratings on all the major physician review websites i.e. ., ., etc. concur with the ones you see here..Being a physician myself, I trained under physicians of various specialties and have seen the gamut of personalities, styles, and quality of care.  Considering all these factors, Dr. Chang ranks top 1% IMO.  The three most striking things about the way he practices I'd say are his:.1) Thoroughness - His history-taking and physical exams are focused and succinct. Yet, when it comes to the diagnostic process, he leaves no stone unturned and explores all possibilities, but within reason, not in excess (no, he does not practice "cover-your-a**"/CYA medicine like some docs I know)..2) Demeanor - Not an outgoing guy (but since when does that matter?), he is clearly affable, and you are comfortable from the first minute on.  Not a moment of awkwardness.  He conducts his conversations (both medical and casual), physical exams, nurse orders, etc. with professional ease.  He's the type of guy who probably wouldn't show signs of stress until the walls were burning down (God forbid).  .3) Dedication - Several times my wife had important labs pending and sometimes results wouldn't come in til later in the day.  Rather than easily waiting til the next day to communicate the results to us, Dr. Chang would sometimes call us as late as 7 or 8pm (with our permission) just to put us at ease.  (Man I hope he isn't seeing patients or handling paperwork that late in the day.  I'd say he deserves a few weeks in Tahiti.)  And despite running a busy practice, he is somehow almost always able to accommodate us if we have an urgent issue with a same day appointment!  .Sadly, thanks to Obamacare, our employer's health insurance networks changed, Dr. Chang became out of network for us, and we were forced to choose a different PCP.  That and we had moved out of Irvine.  One day, we hope to be able to somehow go back to Dr. Chang.  .Lastly, did I mention the beautiful view of Irvine Valley from their office high in the Hoag Irvine tower?  Once again, darn you Irvine!  JK.	10 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SBT0S52KBu9anyy6Q_lORQ	How does this doctor have a rating this high? I wonder if he just got a bunch of his buddies to write him glowing reviews. His care is substandard and he is just another example of all these PCPs that simply don't care. You would be better off using webMD. All he cares about is his professional fees he collects from having lots of patients. We only tried him out because he speaks Korean but we would be better off going to any English speaking doctor that actually cares.	4 3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T_zYsxXWcDpu5nRBET4nEQ	This was my first physical in years and I am so happy I found Dr Chang. His bedside manner is rare these days. He was funny, extremely caring, conscious of my budget even went as far as to look up which blood tests my insurance covers and scheduled me to come into their office on a SATURDAY for my convenience. So glad I found a dr that I feel comfortable with and a dr who makes an effort to get to know his patients. HIGHLY recommend him to anyone living in the area.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LfrQWJ-Oshe1x_Fcg4Digg	Dr chang is extremely knowledgable and detailed! He is a genuinely good doctor and I'm glad I found him on yelp! Will be my permanent family doctor from now on	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=22gzXLG4SGDKQNuKZWWGvA	Dr chang was great! He took his time to answer all my questions with no rush. Explained everything to me in great detail. I would recommend him to my whole family and I recommend anyone reading this to give him a shot.  I know he'll take care of you	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZnNuGwbns1KQrjJayLst_Q	I went in for a physical and to get some titers done, and my experience was great! I want to start out saying that I was happy that their office is open on Saturdays as well, which is great for people who work full time during the week.There were 2 ladies at the front desk that were friendly when I arrived and I was promptly taken into a room at my appointment time. I also did not have to wait long until I met with Dr. Chang. I had a great experience with Dr. Chang in that he was thorough and took his time with me, and did not seem like he was in a rush to get out of the room. The nurse? (Christie (sp?)) was also very friendly and the blood draw process was very painless. I would definitely recommend others to his office, for whatever medical needs they are looking for.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NWkMDaP-BoAhB8YlxCQFXw	Dr Chang is amazing! I got rush for 4 days and not sure it was egzama or allergy, he is patient to ask details of many things! And he decided to give me a shot for allergy, and it was exactly right! After the shot, I was fine.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZqkkgTTVfb-Y38tL_IAYSA	Dr. Chang is the epitome of what a primary care physician should strive to be. He's down-to-earth and attentive when addressing any concerns I  have mentioned. His office provides blood lab work and vaccines among other other things. The medical staff is also very friendly.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BcC8WQcoZqFRmpw4bSkovA	I am so relieved to have found Dr Chang. He never rushes you and you can ask any concerns you have and he will take the time to explain them nicely. He is a thorough doctor too. He went over my medical history and brought up concerns that my past doctors haven't brought up and I feel like I finally have the whole picture of my health..He is a doctor that once you are in his care, you want to stay for the long term. He always goes back to review previous labs done and he seems to go down a mental checklist to make sure you got the most of your annual physical. He is a caring doctor and wants to solve the issues at hand..I haven't had a problem with the staff, they have always been pleasant to deal with..If you haven't heard from the office about your lab results, a call to remind them is simple enough. .Highly recommended.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vma85QAN4MBbwPFPrsvO5g	I have never had a doctor as caring for a patient as Dr. Chang.  He takes time explaining my condition to me.  One time, I got a call from him at 7pm just to tell me the result of my blood exam.   My condition is not that critical too.  I only have a high cholesterol level.  He took the time to advice me on things I need to do to lower it.  How many doctors will call you at 7pm to do that?  .There was also an occassion last month when I was running a fever and I called his office around 10am.  He answered the phone (yes, he is so down-to-earth that he also answers the phone if he can) and told me to come in at lunch time.  I just feel blessed to have found such a doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hEKJOGSlxvCVM0AHzwwmxQ	If you can deal with his rude office staff, zero return phone calls, zero return emails, then you'll be okay.  Dr. Chang spent time listening and seemed to understand enough about my health.  Although the complete lack of communication may be enough for me to go else where.	9 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1ZytIw6Hr8SN_arz1p4cAw	Dr Chang is a very nice, down to earth doctor. He really takes time to listen to patients. Each time I came over, it always never a rush with him. Though the assistant Christine can be moody sometimes, which make you uncomfortable at time,  I still think it worth my time to his office.  I think other girls are working at the  front desk now that Christine went back to school. The only complain( minor one) I have is waiting for the lab results  can be painful sometimes, it can takes up to 3 days for dr Chang to call back because the slow lab responded..  In my opinion, visiting a private doctor who know how to run his/her business is much more pleasant than a large medical groups. It always a mess with the staffs. So many unhappy hate their jobs people at those places,  I am telling you from my experiences.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eoCo90gwWwJiOCdwMWI1SQ	If you are lucky to get fit into his ultra busy practice, consider yourself fortunate. .My initial impression wasn't at all what I discovered after I had the opportunity to be a patient for more than a month.  Today, December 28, 2011,  his recommendation saved me hundreds of dollars on my future outpatient treatments.  Need I say more?	5 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_ot66TX_ek1r_Czom5slcQ	I am always nervous about medical appointments, but my first visit at Dr Chang's office was very positive. .Contrary to a few other reviewers, I appreciated Mitzi the receptionist's patience and kindness with me when I asked her many questions about insurance (that I had never gotten a chance to even ask at other PCP offices). .Consistent with most other reviewers, I really enjoyed my time with Dr Chang. For once (and I have seen many different doctors over the years), I felt invited to air all my health concerns (vs. typical doctors who are so rushed and distant that my mind often goes blank out of sheer intimidation). Now I understand what another reviewer mentioned about Dr Chang having excellent bedside manner: he was patient, thoughtful, and engaged as I tried to describe my symptoms; had a sense of presence that reassured me and helped me have courage to confront some of my fears. He was not overly chatty - but still very friendly and professional. Definitely five stars!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=se7NxF6aDBG-jgudPLM5ww	I had been searching for a PCP for a while, and saw reviews on here for Dr. Albert Chang in Irvine, CA.  I called several offices to find a PCP that could do my annual physical soon, most offices could not see me for several weeks out. One office even wanted me to schedule a consult, then come back another day for the physical (two visits). Dr. Chang's office could see me in just a couple days..I was looking for a doctor that wouldn't rush me and only want to talk about one issue. I went to see Dr. Chang last week for my annual physical and to discuss a few other issues. Dr. Chang really takes his time with you, listens to all your concerns and is very informative. I had MANY questions and he actually addressed every one of them. Before I went, I made a list of all my medications and medical history, and Dr. Chang went through the list very thoroughly. I did not feel rushed at all..I just called the office (on a SATURDAY) to find out my blood test results from last week, the staff put me on hold only for a couple minutes, then Dr. Chang picked up and talked with me for a while. He patiently went through every test one by one, explained what every result meant and how to improve my numbers for anything that was slightly elevated. He recommended not to take medications that I didn't need to and what the plan was going forward for anything that was abnormal..I felt Dr. Chang has exceptional chair side manner and I would definitely recommend him to anyone..I would just add that the women at the front desk sometimes seem a little inconsiderate and insincere, but Dr. Chang's service makes the office worth it.	9 1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=xq3i-Yt6OyALd8jSo-HScA	Kind and caring.  Listens carefully.  When he heard I was in the hospital (taken to one he didn't practice in) he called to let me know he was keeping informed about how I was doing.  I have never had to wait to be seen.  Treats the patient like a human being!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4KaM6SxsR6q6qOtzBmUGlw	I am the daughter of a surgeon and raised around medical professionals - needless to say, I am picky about choosing a doctor.  Dr. Tsai was the internal medicine specialist who oversaw my recovery at Hoag Hospital 10 years ago, so when I was in trouble and needed a primary physician I found him again.  He is an excellent doctor, very compassionate and thorough.  So happy to have found him again - couldn't recommend him more highly.  Dr. Tsai really takes time with his patients, and is an excellent communicator;  I can't say enough about the level of care he provides.  The office is immaculate, and Dr. Tsai makes sure that his front office staff is responsive and courteous - They are all amazing!  I am especially thankful to George who ensured that my first appointment was scheduled very soon after my first call to the office.	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HlSY9wRk4DaloccpUgRktA	I saw Dr. Tsai  for the first time today. I have a lot of medical issues and he sat down with me and took his time going over everything! (30 minutes or more) what doctor does that these days? I loved him!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8gMMNpYfjse0heVj_x10aQ	Dr. Tsai is professional, thoughtful and humorous to discuss with my wife and me for all what we need to know. He knows what you want and shows you the best he can do. Even it's the first time we've been here, we would love to recommend to see him in the future. To visit an office closed to Newport Beach area is great. His fluent tri-lingual English, Chinese even Taiwanese would help. Enjoy it!	2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Xgd8FeWNr5BIMqPYwGb-EQ	My husband and I both see Dr. Tsai.  He is a wonderful, caring physician who has great medical knowledge and communicates his concerns well to his patients. Bottom line is he cares!! When My husband and I were out of the country for many months, he called us in Costa Rica to ask how we were, when we were coming back and that we needed bloodwork and flu shots when we returned to the LA area. He always give us a personal call about x-ray and bloodwork results. We moved to Palm Desert and Dr. Tsai remains our internist. We drive in just to see him! Great doctor- great office staff!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=k6NtVTlnhhyalSJdMFBoLQ	I have been seeing Dr. Tsai for a few years now. He is great.    I went to see another 5 doctors before I  knew  Dr. Tsai.  I was not happy with the other doctors, as either long waitings --1 hour in the office to wait to see Dr. , or when I needed to see Dr. urgently, but the earliest  appointment taht I got  is after 1 week, or when I call Dr. in the midnight for urgent question, the Dr. was not happy and asked me to go to uegent care..  .While to Dr. Tsai,  no such problem at all.  If I need to see Dr. Tsai urgently , I can get the appointment the next day, even the same day. And every time , when I am in the Dr.s's office , I can see Dr. in less than 10 mins, not long waiting... After my exams, Dr. Tsai calls me diectly when he gets the result, either the result is good or not...  About 2 years ago, I called Dr. tsai about 12:30am, when I got emergency situration , Dr. Tsai  answered  my phone very nicely  and helped me out..This is the Doctor that we patients need.  I would  recommend to anyone.	11 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M3su75lFL49zP7cMWEXdPQ	If your looking for a great doctor that will listen and not just prescribe you a bunch of meds to cover your symptoms then Dr Tsai is your man. Highly recommend!	3 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=N8svLekMMH6ZJ9n8kq7oFw	I was referred to Dr. Tsai by Dr. Huong at HOI.  I am so grateful to have found him because he is kind, patient and caring with my father, who is difficult, at best.  He is responsive and is always there for us.  This type of doctor is rare.  Lindsay, Katie and George, his office staff, are FANTASTIC.  Great, clean office and free parking.  The perfect experience.  I highly recommend Dr. Tsai.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=otvdxp7x5Mv9wMwoGVUpsg	Finally, I've met a doc who actually genuinely cares about my health and believes in lifestyle changes as opposed to pushing pills. Didn't rush me and addressed all my concerns with care. Straightforward approach. So refreshing!!!!	4 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3pt3PvkgP_zhM2RYYXC1JQ	Dr. Tsai is an incredibly professional, personable, and accessible physician. I have been seeing Dr. Tsai for several years now and so has my family. AMAZING and BEST DOCTOR EVER!!	8 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4ZkaFdClnBn_M_3woyR1vQ	One of the best doctors I've been to since back when I had a pediatrician.  He was my doctor when I moved down to Irvine for school, right when I was in the middle of having Mono and he was great and offered the best services.  He was very convenient when it came to re-filling prescriptions and often didn't need to see me when I knew what my symptoms were and what I needed.  Hands down.  best.	7 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JD-K7iykkhwfQ7dHKteTvQ	I have seen doctor Tsai for the last 10 years and he is an exceptional human being beside being a great doctor. I have referred a lot of my friends to him and they have all thanked me every time they talk about him. If you want a doctor who cares deeply about your case, he is the one!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ibdEGVWHxgQ3NYVHOiqGSA	Professional, reliable, courteous, listens well. A quality physician in my experience with him over the years.	3 1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=bCTjM0QkmMtPVkX2jHJXeA	Unprofessional and rude doctor and staff. Would not recommend! Overcharges patients with medical visits. Will not go back!.PS: Any medical office that only accepts cash or check is unprofessional in itself, since all HSA and FSA accounts now comes in the form of a debit card..This is to Meilin Wang's response. Do you seriously think that revealing my husband's insurance company and dates of visits is not a breach of Doctor patient confidentiality? My point exactly on the unprofessionalism of the staff of this office.	18 8 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RtiPmZtH-5bFiOwjiil9LQ	I normally use Yelp to review feedback from customer experiences with restaurants, hospitality industry or other stores but I have never actually provided feedback. I always thought it's too personal and I was not sure if I wanted to associate my name with a company or individual service provider because it's representative of me, my opinion and my credibility. Therefore, my first Yelp review is for Dr. Tsai for a few important reasons that are relevant when selecting a doctor for you and your family's health..1. Extremely personable: Dr. Tsai is awesome and spends quality time learning about me (his patient). He didn't treat me like a number in his network and he really makes you feel like he cares about you and wants to see improvements regardless of the ailment. .2. Caring: Dr. Tsai is genuine and you can tell he cares about his family, community and patients..3. Just an all-around great doctor who has the ability to adapt to each patient in a humble and honest way..Not only is he a great doctor but there is something very special about him, he has the "it" factor. He is that guy, that doctor on a whole different level then other doctors I have seen over the years..Brad C.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XLNo2K5cYjjVL94TgEadNA	Writing this based on my experience last week. I've seen Dr Tsai a few times. .Last week I was not feeling well and my heart rate was low. I called the Cardiologist I've seen in the past and they would not see me until January 22. They did say I probably needed tests since I had not been in recently. The Cardiology scheduler told me to call my Primary Doctor to order them. She wouldn't budge and wasn't flexible. .When I called Dr Tsai he said the tests I need should be ran by the Cardiology group and not him. He called to my Cardiologist and asked them to schedule me with the Nurse Practitioner so the appropriate tests could be run. He told me to call him back if I didn't hear from them by 3. I did hear from the Cardiology Group and was able to get in the same day. .Without Dr Tsai's help I would not have gotten in or been able to get testing started. I don't know many Doctors that would go above and beyond like this. I am very grateful.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TW4TVuaMKDoDDP93PESjaA	It's been a very long time since I felt happy about a physician.  I can honestly say, this doctor is incredible!  How lucky that I found him!  I got a same day appointment, no wait, no office crowded with people.  The doctor listened to me, examined me, took my vital signs, and spoke to me about our plan to help me.  I am a nurse so I am very particular about healthcare.  This physician is one of the best I have ever seen.  I will recommend him to everyone I know!  Feeling very happy about my healthcare now.	5 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4KQGhh_Zj2Fx8ps8g_QZsw	I have been very fortunate to have very good health except for the occasional sports injury. I generally avoid going to a Doctor unless I absolutely have to. I am also very fortunate to have found Dr. William Tsai. He is warm, friendly, and genuinely cares about his patients. Seeing him is like visiting a long time family friend. Wait times are usually 15 minutes, plus or minus. How many times have you experienced waiting 45 minutes to over an hour for a Doctor? He always listens and answers all of my questions. One time I had a problem and so I referred myself directly to a Specialist Doctor. The waiting room was like a factory. I had to wait a long time. The Specialist Doctor seemed to care very little about me. He, all too quickly, discussed a surgical procedure that I thought was completely unnecessary. I mentioned my problem to Dr Tsai, and much to my surprise, he told me "I can help you with that" and he did! Dr Tsai also makes phone calls to follow up and returns phone calls too. I know that if I have a serious problem and I leave him a message, even if after hours or on a weekend, he will call me.  Dr. Tsai should be teaching other Doctors as to how to treat their patients, with care and respect.....like we are valued customers!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5Opj7iWnY3I3pRGX_SRrPQ	Great doctor, great staff, highly recommended! Felt very comfortable with Dr Tsai from the start. He's very professional and very personable at the same time which not all physicians balance very well. I had issues with a prescription and the office was extremely accommodating with helping me get a generic instead of the name brand which cost ~10x more! Thank you guys!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EpX_CmSpY1NiyhxuT1mI2g	I am so confused as to why I am getting a bill for services as my insurance covers this AND i have already paid my co-payment of $50.00 each time I go.  So now, i have to pay $200, plus the $100 i already paid.   That's $300 cash i will have paid for 2 doctor visits.   I am only upset because THIS would have been great information to know BEFORE i saw the doctor.   They said i was covered thru my insurance, so why am i being billed an extra $200?!    Anyway, of course i will pay, but only because i do not want this on my credit report.  Sadly, i will not be going to this doctor anymore.	14 8 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0zS9nfDViGidAIgie05NVA	Dr. Tsai has treated me for over 12 years.  He is an extremely compassionate as a person who truly cares about health and has always been extremely professional. He has been treating me so long he has known all my troubles and health related issues and has every intention to help me get better even if he can tell you what you don't want to hear.  I would like to thank Dr W. Tsai for all you do for me. When my insurance changed, the office did not hesitant in helping me help with the group number which was incorrect on the insurance side.  I don't think I will go to any other Dr since he has helped me so much and has known me for the past 12 years.  Thank you.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PnvY6-_jrbSi1aOt1-NvXg	I am a new patient of Dr. Tsai, and all I have is complete praise!! No wait at office and he so was wonderful and most thorough Doctor I have been to. I would 100 percent refer him to anyone.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r1vMNkW-PvsDpYWWobyI0A	Having been through really bad doctors in the past, I needed to find a doctor after transplanting from San Diego.  .Dr. Tsai is anything short of Awesome.  His office staff was very accomodating and professional.  After meeting Dr. Tsai for the first time, he was really engaged and asked the right questions of which a Doctor should ask when dealing with a new patient.  Although my first time was a routine check up, Dr. Tsai made the effort to call me to give me all of my test results and recently followed up again. .After a first meeting - I would definitely recommend him to other prospective patients.  He actually cares and makes himself available - that's pretty hard to come by these days. .Thanks, Doc!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=n1xdAqw6pQ8GntDZAfNj9Q	Dr. Tsai is very very good family doctor. I strongly recommend him. He is very professional and very nice people.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VFWswPpZtLY9dVwHTTd1Rw	Dr. Tsai is a very NICE person.  I have been treated by doctors who could be inpatient/condescending. .Dr. Tsai is very polite and treats people with respect.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g0zI6GwLhMooPeeTeTjLUQ	Dr. Tsai is a very thorough doctor.  He always calls me with all of my lab results and reminders if I missed going for my labs. He has called to check up on me when I have been really ill.  Scheduling an appointment is never a hassle.  The office is easy to find, immaculate and parking is free. . I like that Dr. Tsai and I are a team both working towards maintaining my good health.  He is not dogmatic in his approach to treatment. He treats my entire family, including my mom.  (That's a big compliment if my mom is willing to be treated by him.  She's very picky.) It took me a long time to find a great doctor like Dr. Tsai.  We love him!!!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1BZcAmZ7R3pssc2boWPFGQ	Dr. Tsai is the best doctor, EVER. Never have I been to a doctor who is so thorough, calm, educated (scary huh!) and understanding like Dr. Tsai. He is honestly the first doctor that I'm EXCITED to go to!! You never have to wait long, the staff is super friendly and you leave feeling calm, not anxiety ridden like I have in the past..One tip - its a cash/check practice for co-pay. .If you need a new internal med doc, he is def the one to go to!!	5 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IOPqasbC232n7XdaSRTZug	Dr. Tsai has been my doctor for over a year now, I moved here from Colorado 2 years ago and didn't love the doctor I was assigned.  I am so glad I found Dr. Tsai!!  He listens, is very genuine, doesn't rush which shows he cares, is very thorough and I love that the office isn't over packed with long wait times.  I would recommend him to anyone.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rr90bgzM9F9T3FSkQzxT8A	One of the kindest, most compassionate, and thorough doctors I have ever met, Dr. Tsai truly cares about his patients -- not just for the particular ailment you're visiting him for, but for your entire well human being.   I've been through quite a few health challenges in this year, but whether it was a late Friday evening or during his lunch, Dr. Tsai was always there for me.  He is patient and takes the time during every appointment to thoroughly hear and address your ailment.  It's so clear Dr. Tsai is a physician because of his deeply compassionate heart, with a mission to keep his patients both healthy and happy :)	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=N5pDTTuM49arKRZgwh_LgA	This is a great doctor. He shows genuine concern for his patients and is quick to return calls. I couldn't be happier to have chosen Dr. Tsai	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Tpf8wgsrjMiGQBCUvjiZ6g	this 2 star review is for the rude "don't call us anymore" comment when I was trying to refer new business to you. Just be professional and say thank you. I don't need to hear "you're not our client and stop wasting our time since you're not a patient here".  You were very professional when I  was trying to sign up to see you guys a while back, but due to "political reason" with Covered CA you could only see me if I was willing to pay cash. By the way, it's called Covered CA, not "Obama Care".  I'm a hard working self-employed citizen that pay taxes, and do not deserve to be treated as a second class citizen because of the insurance I carry.  Have a great day!	16 4 3	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2GnSNn3Wou6RFP1Rxo-xNQ	Since my first visit with Dr. Tsai, I could tell he was very thorough and sincere in his assessments based on every question or concern I had. He himself, takes very detailed notes, and provides you with all the possible options/suggestions. From there, he takes his time in discussing what he can do to help you. I've been to doctors before where they rush to get to the next patient, but Dr. Tsai is just the opposite. He truly looks out for your well being and takes the time to help your medical needs. Furthermore, he is great at follow up! If you leave a message, he will get back to you in a very prompt manner. I couldn't recommend a better physician.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=J5MIebJRnZrytZAxpa3uMg	I saw Dr. Tsai for the first time last week. I had a migraine attack and my regular doctor was not available. Dr. Tsai got me in the same day, was very attentive to my issue and was looking for the most effective treatment based on my feedback of what hadn't worked in the past. He recommended a medication that I hadn't taken in the past and so far it's been very effective..His office is very clean, I didn't have to fill out a ton of paperwork and he saw me right away. Nothing like going to the Doctor's office for a 2:30 appointment and not being seen until 3:00 PM, that was not the case here. I will go back to Dr. Tsai and recommend him to others.	3	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=WRJeUJFp0GWxGp8IWvrlOg	I had to revise my initial 5 star review of Dr. Mikhail based on my second annual visit. I am disheartened and disappointed at the dismissive way I was treated in bringing up a medical issue that I told him about. Long story short I told him about this issue and his exact words were"Well we won't worry about that right now." He didn't even bother to speculate or recommend me to a specialist for it. He simply ignored the fact that there was an issue..If you ever hear a doctor say this please get a second opinion immediately! I am now in recovery from having surgery to correct that issue.  It was another doctor (one that I found using Yelp reviews) who identified this issue immediately during a routine check up without me telling him about it yet and suggested I surgically remove the problem before it became a bigger problem. I agreed given that the problem had become larger within the last number of months..Again I'm very disappointed because I thought I had found a great doctor in Dr. Mikhail but any doctor that can dismiss an issue so readily is one that I can't trust with my health.	21 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4cvhwHEtUamx4xoTtMM_VA	I have had the best experience every time I have gone into this office.  They are very professional, courteous, and attentive.  The front desk is always professional and do a great job of follow up.  Dr. Mikhail is great.  He is very knowledgeable, helpful and caring.  He follows up very well with my pharmacy and with me to make sure I am ok..He is truly amazing.  He answers my email questions promptly.  I can always make an appointment and go in without waiting for days and weeks for callbacks.  .I would recommend Dr. Mikhail to ALL my friends.  I have recommended him to a few of them and they have had the same great experience I had.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uYrt5Sm7B1B23X3V1KVc_w	Dr. Mikhail was recommended to me by a close friend. From my first appointment, Dr. Mikhail was attentive and very invested in making sure he found solutions to my medical problems. His office consistently followed up with me and Dr. Mikhail, himself, makes himself available to answer all my questions and concerns whether I call or email him. I highly recommend his office to anyone who wants a doctor that has a great deal of knowledge and experience. Dr. Emad Mikhail is the definition of professionalism.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7S2DUKEqbIOLpqPjp-0_nQ	Dr. Mikhail has been my physician for 5 years now. He is a very caring very attentive doctor who is genuinely concerned about his patients. Dr. Mikhail is very thorough with what he does and makes sure that he address all concerns, you never feel rushed.  His office staff are always kind and very professional (exactly what you want from a dr's office). I would and have recommended Dr. Mikhail to all my friends and family.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l-AI-S0Yc8yKxcgvRfV_9Q	Dr. Mikhail has been my doctor for many years now. I have gone through 4 other doctors before him and he is by far the most knowledgable, professional and caring doctor that I have ever dealt with. He always takes time to answer all my questions and is very thorough. Highly recommended!	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=H2BtaNHgD9A2W76U3KFc7A	I Woke up this morning with a terrible pain in my ear, called dr. Mikhael and even though it is fathers day and Sunday, he met me at his practice and took care of my  pain. Now this is dedication,u cannot find doctors like this nowadays. Great job doc.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VcIj0rhsMBfWZSJdDB_Hpw	Dr. Mikhail is a very professional doctor with a great amount of empathy. His thoughtful listening, calm manner and firm suggestions, make him one of the best doctors I have had ever known. I am very satisfied and assured under his care. His office staff, Kelly and everyone else are also helping, polite and courteous.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JsYYPBUVEZ_-0G7FirUMBA	Dr. Mikhail and his staff take excellent care of both my wife and me.  He listens and does not rush.  His staff are excellent.  Always feel like I am in the best of hands with him as my primary care physician.		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=tQ4ih6ni1kZ4cfI92oAhJg	Dr. Scott is by far the best doctor I have ever had.  She is very thorough and takes her time.  He bedside manner is top notch.  She is super patient and very personable.  The nurses and the rest of the staff operate on the same level as Dr. Scott. Completely professional and top notch office.  Couldnt recommend more!!!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FRiPtBTASvN9mOfHqUeBkQ	Dr. Scott is incredible. Her office staff is nice and courteous, the wait times are totally reasonable and she is a great doctor. It's rare to find a doctor that wants to sit down and look you in the eye to figure out what is going on with you. She is the best there is.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=je7G_ZZDqqPgFyinDXkljg	I love Dr. Scott! She is very nice. I am usually shy at my doctor and I end up leaving without expressing all my health concerns. She makes sure I get everything out and feel comfortable doing so. I am glad I found her.	6 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0cOBL4-C1r_D_FlZyNcy3A	I finally found a great Doctor! Emily is great. She's down to earth and you can just tell she loves what she does. She genuinely cares and is not biased. Her staff is very professional and they are timely. I've even had to take my baby with me for my appointments and they just love on her (she's well behaved). Anyway, Emilie gave me options, not just a one road answer and I love that about her. I was hesitant to write a review because although she's the best I've ever found it would mean more people will go to her and she'll be busier next time I need an appoitment. ;) You're welcome!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FBohC5s2wtn3zMiBwbxd1g	Dr. Scott is AMAZING! She really takes her time with you, she is very thorough and on top of everything she is very relatable. I love the fact that her practice always has an MD on call, so you really don't have to go to urgent care unless an MD feels you need yo go, which I love!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vjvdjmGHwPcZbCS6mbbS2Q	No doubt 5 star rating for Dr. Scott and her incredible staff! I'm not one who likes doctors' visits, but Dr. Scott and her staff make me feel at ease and comfortable.  Dr. Scott has a great personality and very easy to talk to.  She's very compassionate, caring and efficient.  Her staff is equally efficient and caring...Dana, Jeremiah & Eddie...thank you for all that you do.  This team is the BEST!	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=A83Xl3S65Q8GnY-VS7qoiw	I started seeing Dr. Scott early last year (2015) after not having a primary care physician for over 10 years.  I never had any issues with her old medical group other than an occasional long wait, but when Dr. Scott entered the room her complete attention was on me and nothing else.  What I like most about her was her lack of desire to throw pills at every problem.  To her those were temporary solutions and she genuinely wanted to get to the root of the problem.  Quite refreshing these days.  .I was upset when I found out she left the practice.  Thankfully, through one hell of a coincidence (the chiro she shares her new office with just happened to be my chiro for the past few years), I was able to reconnect with her and sign up for her new practice.  Although financially it's tough for me, I know in the long run direct primary care will be worth it.  Let's face it, I'm not getting any younger and the thought of not having to wait three hours in an urgent care for a medication I already know I need makes me wish someone had thought of this sooner.  What I also found particularly pleasing was Dr. Scott remembered quite a bit about me despite only having two visits in the span of 12 months.  How many people can say that about a doctor??  .The new office is very nice, clean, and extremely friendly staff.  Dr. Carmona is my chiro and in a manner of speaking, saved my life 3 years ago.  I'm looking forward to a healthier me in 2016 with the help of these two providers.  I almost never write Yelp reviews, so the fact I'm taking the time to do so says something.  Highly recommend Dr. Scott.	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hS-5by8ar5xfULaw4vQnhg	Medicine done the real way...in my opinion the RIGHT WAY!  There is NO WAITING in lines.  I don't need to check in they know me by name.  It's a clean suite with bathroom access, and always hospitable(yes I'm talking about Julie). The office environment feels homey  I can always count on Emilie via phone, text, email, facetime, Twine and even does house call visits.  Blood work is done right in her office and the results are quick and easily available to you.  She spends quality time with me just to get to know ME!  She is kind, understanding and passionate about patient care and medicine.  To me that is a relationship I can count on!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5qJqhkDFjpnoThkBQ_gJ9Q	Dr Scott was the best doctor when I was going through some scary cancer stuff. She went above and beyond making sure I got all my testing done and I felt like she handled my diagnosis as if I was a close friend. She has amazing bedside manner, super sweet. I was really sad when I learned she was opening up her own practice, hopefully one day I can afford to see her again. Thank you so much Dr Scott, you were my angel during those dark times, thanks for answering all my texts and emails even after hours, you have no idea how forever grateful I'll be to you!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gwwZRH_Y7ygPEFs6rN0K1Q	The healthcare system isn't what it used to be. Our physicians are drowning in an ocean of patient need. They are rarely able to provide the care they (or their patients) would like. Doctors are frustrated. Patients are frustrated. This tension and frustration has led to a severe doctor/patient breakdown. I came across Dr. Scott after spending several hours researching physicians in the area. The reviews were very positive. I called their office and spoke with the office manager Julie. She was very kind, and spent 20 minutes answering all of my questions on the "direct primary care" model that I had never heard about. Julie scheduled a meet and greet with Dr. Scott. .When we arrived at Dr. Scott's office, there was NO WAIT. Once we arrived Julie and Dr. Scott came out to introduce themselves. My wife and I spent the next 30 minutes getting to know Dr. Scott and her passion for medicine and patient care. She has a very gentle and kind way about her, but wise and strong. A prefect balance. We decided to pull the trigger during our meeting and wanted to receive care from Dr. Scott that day! She immediately went to work and spent time getting to know our medical history and any current medical challenges we were facing. She took notes the entire time, and even forwarded a copy of them to us before leaving the office! We spent another 2 hours with Dr. Scott that day- that was a 2.5 hr meeting with our doctor. I mean... really?? UNBELIEVABLE! With all the questions we had, and the amount of tests that needed to be done, we needed that time, and Dr. Scott had no problem giving it to us.  I never felt she was in a hurry, or that a next appointment was on her mind. She never seemed distracted and welcomed EVERY QUESTION my wife and I had- and I ask A LOT of questions. Dr. Scott asks a lot of questions too, as any good doctor should in getting a clearer picture of who their patient is, and how they need to be cared for. .Dr. Scott is a breath of fresh air, and her direct care approach has restored my hope for the healthcare industry and doctor/patient relationship. I would absolutely recommend Dr. Scott as your PCP. To receive the right care, both the doctor and patient have a responsibility. Dr. Scott has taken the right step in offering the best care possible. As a patient, I needed to love myself enough to get that care and reach back. Thank you Dr. Scott. Direct Primary Care. It's the future.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aN9Wib2ZPXlVI6lAWLbhfg	Emilie and her team are a breath of fresh air in the otherwise dismal health care scene. Not only is she knowledgeable, but she is incredibly down to earth and - most improtantly - actually cares about you as a person. When was the last time you had that experience in health care?		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BDh3f7nlH-K7MZzkRwjhaQ	*Please note, this was for her old office*.I really like Dr. Scott. She is very personable and really takes time to figure out what your concerns are. I have been to see her a few times, and she's always so friendly and never tries to rush you. She will even look things up if she's not sure so she can try to help as much as possible..The only reason I am giving her office (note her office, not her) 3.5 stars is from what happened today. I injured my toe yesterday, and was concerned it was broken. I called and they said Dr. Scott was not in, but I could be seen by another person. That's fine, I didn't mind. Everyone is always very nice and accommodating, I figured it would be fine. I had an appointment at 2:40, waited to about 2:50 to be brought to the back. I get my vitals checked, asked questions about medication, allergies, etc. Pretty standard stuff. Then she leaves and says I will be seen shortly. .Now I don't exactly know what time this was, but I'm going to say 3:00 at the latest. I have some reading material with me, so I read. Get bored, start playing games on my phone. Get tired, text my friends. Check the clock, it is now 3:45. Friend suggests I open the door and peek out, so I do. No one is around -_- I walk up to the front, and they ask if I need something. I ask if someone is going to see me. They apologize and walk me back saying I will be seen soon. 1 minute later, someone comes. Ok, so from that encounter, I have come to the conclusion they FORGOT about me. /sigh Now after she came in, she was very very nice and helpful. I'm just sad that I was forgotten about; luckily I'm on my summer break, so I wasn't in a rush to go anywhere.	4 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=igEA8nqkp1eyPTW3Uw0UaA	DR Scott and staff are amazing.  DR Scott is incredibly thorough and involved with her patients.  My whole family relies on her for our healthcare.  She's super responsive and the type of DR you want taking care of you.  A complete change from any DR or medical care that we have ever had.  If she is accepting new clients, I would get in quick.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O5lP0MCSbvVsaNoQ5507cw	Where do I begin. I have seen doctor Scott for years. When she left monarch health care, I was devasted. However, after I found out what she was doing with her health practice today and joining halcyon, I was elated. I have PPO insurance but choose to come here because I can not find any other Dr like Emilie. The time, patience, and dedication towards her patients is clearly shown in her practice. It is doctors like her that keep patients informed and feeling comfortable. I look forward to seeing her and coming into her practice. Also, Julie is fantastic and just as warm and kind as Dr. Scott. Both ladies just want you to feel welcome, and they far exceed that. I am so happy that I have a membership and look forward to telling my friends and family what a great opportunity this is! Thank you Dr. Scott and Julie for everything you do.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VTTbakI8qU-BoABOW3w_Yg	I went to this doctor based upon the reviews on Yelp. Please not this is not a reflection of the doctor herself, but how things were handled..It is nearly impossible to get an appointment with Dr. Scott. So be aware you may need to put your foot down if you think it's important to see her next day. (3/5).Environment: clean, neat and quaint. (5/5).The staff was nice and wait time was less than 15 minutes before getting into the room. Dr. Scott entered and she asks a wonderful question, "how can I help you?" I explain my situation and love her personality. She followed up with, "what can I do differently than your last doctor?" Easy. I replied "follow up". Her approach to my situation is minimal which means she doesn't always fix the issue with harsh antibiotics and tries to figure out the issue by simply starting with the most likely cause that's easily treated. I liked her approach.. She orders blood tests. (4.5/5).This is where it drops... I called on Friday, 3 days after blood is drawn and see if they got my results which office said they did. I asked if they can put it in the portal (website where I can look up records). The lady told me no, they need doctors approval and doctor went home because she was sick. I said ok. (2/5).I wrote an email through the portal asking for a phone call and then called Monday to follow up. She's not there (would have been nice to know she doesn't work Monday's). I called Tuesday asked for a return call and my labs. Apparently I have to ASK for labs and charts to be put in the portal. I shouldn't have to ask to see my results they should immediately be put in my "chart". .I have yet to hear from Dr. Scott. It's been a week... No call, no email. (2/5).My frustration stems from not following up. I like Dr Scott and her approach, but if you can't follow up in a timely manner, then I'm not wasting my time. Just not sure where the breakdown of communication happened. You will like her, but understand these things might happen to you. I hope you have a better experience than I did. Average: 3.3 stars out of 5.	11	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OwqCz2gw3B3wX4GWRbxF9A	I would give six stars to Dr. Scott if it was possible.  I can't say enough about Dr. Scott. Mainly, She is not only a super caring doctor but a wonderful human being!! Never had a doctor who is not only thorough in the treatment of her patients but takes time talking to them!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hDUaOX6tGpBddfUbY-WnFQ	Dr. Scott was wonderful when I first started coming (3.5 yrs ago). However, after an ambulance ride and trip to the ER just weeks after being forgotten in her office and not seen for heart issues, I found the second major condition she/her office did not diagnose that ended up in a hospital visit, I have switched providers. It is worth mentioning that neither her nor her office manager bothered to return any of my calls, or even ask why I was leaving. Looks like she doesn't need new patients. Avoid this office!	2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MpeNrF6wacfTwLYtUiffXQ	Dr. Scott is the rare physician who stepped out of the 6-minute-per-patient grind and established her own business model so that she has the time to give her patients the attention they deserve. She cares deeply about her patients and is one of the pioneers in medicine who is changing the way medical care is delivered. Her approach is to help her patients take care of themselves better rather than wait until they have chronic illnesses and give them meds. I applaud Dr. Scott!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zwlKdySHP1rcQcHVnVfzLQ	Dr. Emilie Scott is a phenomenal doctor. In this day and age of limited access and rushed appointments,Halcyon is a practice that focuses on the patient. I am a special case- I've had debilitating fear of needles most of my life. Dr. Scott worked with me to figure out a plan that would help me have a positive and successful exam. I was amazed at how painless and stress free she was able to make my experience. I can't thank her enough.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0kXa9DUzefp4ARqUV7RsIA	I had my first appointment with Doctor Emilie Scott, MD today and am very happy to have found her. I chose her as my primary care doctor after reading her 5-star patient reviews on medical recommendation sites such as Vitals, Healthgrades and RateMD. .I am confident that I have made a great choice in choosing her. Not only was she warm, friendly and caring, she listened carefully to everything I had to say before offering guidance, an attribute that my last doctor definitely lacked. .She took her time and asked good questions to encourage me to talk about my health concerns, before quickly and efficiently approving my insurance referral to a particular local GI doctor who I wanted to see. My referral request was rung in while I waited in the pleasant, airy office and within a few minutes I had a print out confirming my referral had been accepted (a process that had taken me two weeks and multiple phone calls to chase down previously). .The staff at the practice were very friendly and seemed to enjoy working together, and the practice as a whole had a family atmosphere about it. .After the appointment I was given a password to an email system that means I can email my doctor directly if I have questions or concerns, or just need a refill, so I can avoid having to make an appointment and take hours out of my day just to ask a single question (a big pet peeve of mine). I was also handed a complete print out of my recent medical records, which has never been offered to me before and I found very interesting to read..Overall a great experience. I would highly recommend Doctor Emilie Scott to anyone!	11 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bPvXDa-Q4vONGJFlP51HEw	Dr. Emilie Scott is much more than a highly skilled physician. She embodies all the qualities one could hope for in a doctor. She is compassionate, gentle, a wonderful listener, and is truly dedicated to the well being of her patients. She listens intently, asks questions, clarifies the issues, goes through a list of possible solutions or areas for further investigation and always wants input from the patient regarding their comfort level with a variety possible solutions. Dr. Scott works with her patients. It is a collaborative effort. She makes herself available to her patients. She calls and texts her patients, even at 9:00 pm when she wants to check on how they are feeling. She amazes me with her insights as well as her abilities. I trust Dr. Scott. She cares for the heart, mind, and body of all fortunate enough to have her as their physician. Her office is designed to make patients very comfortable. It is filled with natural light, attractive furnishings, and delightful pops of color. It is a healing environment. Julie, the officer manager, always welcomes me with a bright smile and asks if I would like water or tea. Truly, this is an exceptional medical practice in every way. If one is especially fortunate, Dr. Scott's husband, who is also a physician, may be in the office. He always greets me as a friend and helps me with tech questions regarding the health app which he helped me set up on my phone. All these people have yet another wonderful attribute , a sense of humor. Laughter is truly healing healing for me. This is an amazing practice, one filled with excellent medical care, true concern for the patient, and the wonderful ability to make me feel more like a welcome visitor than a patient. I always tell Dr. Scott,."You are the best!" when I leave her office and I say it because for me she is the best..I	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZK5G6wtYeGaMJEIWcyc2Zw	I can't say enough about Dr. Scott. It's so refreshing to find a doctor who gives you her undivided attention during each and every appointment with her.  She is never distracted by the computer screen or her phone and she really listens to you with a sincere and genuine interest in your well-being.  I have found a doctor for life.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YFNBvgQxAfQh1NOY6nxVaA	I was very upset when I received the letter that you were no longer part of my medical group.  You are an amazing doctor.  You always listen and never let me leave your office until I felt happy.  Good luck on your new venture Emilie!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8g7KpCj0DPQOdILvM69taw	Dr. Scott is just simply amazing. Not only is she a great Dr but now that she has started her own practice she really spends the time with you that sometimes is needed and you don't feel like your just being rushed in & out. The staff is great as well. If you are looking for friendly attentive care this is the place. Do yourself a favor and just pay them a visit, you will NOT regret it!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Mk-D4KxtNuBYpK9022hwbQ	She's amazing, so lucky to have found her! She's very friendly and gives you a great perspective on your health concerns!  She makes you feel super comfortable and like you're sitting with a friend having a conversation.  .I wished they had later appointments, but I think docs deserve to have work/life balance too! :)	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=61cdkbhHBYUKmapDHpTyjg	Dr. Emilie Scott is one of the nicest doctors that I have had. I am a new patient, and she took the time to sit in a room with me and get to know me as well as answer all of my questions that I had. I felt comfortable with her and felt like she actually cared about my well being. I didn't have to wait long to see her at all, and the rest of the staff was nice as well. I am so happy that I found such a nice Dr.	2	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=hZe45FcTH57VkHOLkmR2_A	I cut off a chunk of my little finger a few weeks ago and went to Newport Center Urgent Care.  There were several things I liked about my experience there, among them their digital-centered new patient forms and receipt/appointment email communication, but the best was my primary caregiver's (Tawny Grossman, MSN, FMP-C) expert treatment.  She was calm (in the face of a finger spurting a surprising amount of blood) and extremely competent in fixing me up.  She kept a running dialogue regarding wound care (including nutrition suggestions -- lots of Vitamin C, zinc, and protein) and an accurate prognosis for wound healing.  .I went to another nurse practitioner in another clinic a few years ago for a nasty fingernail infection and went away with a wariness of nurse practitioner competence.  Tawny Grossman changed my mind:  all nurse practitioners are not created equal.  Kudos, Dr. Doonan, for excellent staff selection and smooth-running operation!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Vcgf1xElW8AI_0DKJtKQHQ	THE WAY HEALTHCARE SHOULD BE..This urgent care center is great. I'm a nurse myself and I felt like the staff was friendly & professional. They are patient and listen to the comprehensive problem. In our encounter, they were able to book an mri the same day, and deal with the hassle of getting the insurance approval. Lastly the center was not overcrowded, we were seen with 15 minutes of coming through the door. I highly recommend!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1xlv8dllSX8ZSyru5YswJQ	Staff is friendly and competent...when you can finally get in to see them. I've had appointments on several occasions that were simply not honored.  If the name was Non-Urgent Care they could at least avoid the charge of false advertising. .The value of visiting an Urgent Care is that you can be seen quickly for mundane medical issues. Feels like this place is a victim of its own success and has just become another doctor's office.	9	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kq0bEfz6Hy7_2Lyi9XkRcg	Our 93 year old dad had a bad fall while we were on vacation on Balboa Island. He had a large, deep cut on his lower leg. Dr. Adam Schulte did a fantastic job in treating him and took an hour carefully stitching him up. His assistant, Samantha, and Dr. Schulte provided dad with such complete and kind care. Dads primary care physician commented on.What a great job he did. Everyone at this facility was fabulous!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t6UWFGi1UC6vH_dvKV5O5A	I came in just minutes before closing. Pleased to have the staff and Dr. Doonan be so kind and considerate ( especially since they were ready to clock out! ) . Very warm yet professional atmosphere. Thumbs up!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4K6xJB_7LNGO0DwsInATQg	I chose to come here because they opened at 8am as opposed to the location near me at 10. I was seen pretty quickly, and the staff was very nice. This location was extremely clean!!! They also sent over my prescription electronically so by the time I got to the pharmacy it was ready to go. I will gladly come come back here when I'm not.Feeling well.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f12Dum5gSaUK_s1d0Xdb4w	I have been going to Dr. Doonan for the past 3 years. Not only are his nurses amazing, but he's definitely the coolest doctor I've ever had. And by "cool", I mean that he has empathy and makes you feel like you're being understood. He might also be sporting RVCA or Hurley....at all times!  Regardless of the situation, he's the Doctor that you want to see!.It's very convenient that they are also an Urgent Care....so you can go 7 days a week, until 8pm. However, I recommend making an appointment with either Doonan or Rebecca. It's with it to wait to see with one of them. And if you don't, his other doctors are equally amazing. (And they're all blonde, so don't get them confused!).Thank you Dr. Doonan!!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CMmMIOx7BgKnbPkFP-9gag	Hands down, THE best urgent care I've ever been to.  And unfortunately, I've been to quite a few.  I go to Marque in Newport Beach whenever I can't get in to see my PCP right away.  The  clinic is immaculate, the staff if super friendly and Dr. Sims is amazing.  I've never waited more than 15 minutes to be seen by a doctor and the online "check-in" feature helps speed up my wait time.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rni3BL-g61C5Bd2cRF56Sg	So much for the "peace of mind"... I really enjoyed the set up and convenience of the checking in process. The male nurse who took my vitals was a pleasure. Unfortunately, there was no close out process as it seemed the staff was in the break room and rushed me out. I was unable to login and get my medical results even after repeated phone calls for assistance. Huge 0 for customer service.	5	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UTcvLszlrvXwTWCTn-4I1Q	Waited 4 hours on a Saturday. And I was fasting for blood work. It's Monday and I get a call that they LOST MY BLOOD WORK! They "forgot" to label it... I'm anemic. This is NOT good. Very unprofessional staff. They told me I will not be charged to retake my blood work. What the hell!?? Why would they charge me for losing my blood??? I don't know what else to say. Stay clear from this place!!!!	4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5dDFLh1XHRgsMPd5F4WDmg	Came here on a Sunday for cold like symptoms as our doctors office was closed. Here's how long it took:.3pm - checkin and fill out forms (you use an iPad for paperwork - 1 extra star for that). They told me wait was 1hr-1.5hr wait. The nice thing is that you can leave and they'll call you. Other good thing is that they're across the street from Fashion Island so it's easy to kill time. .4:45pm - I get the call .5pm - we're in the room. Staff is really nice. Gotta wait some more for tests. This is hard with a 4 year old with you. .5:30pm - we're done! Woohoo! .Basically I left the house before 3pm to be seen for a cold and got home at 5:40pm. Will I be back? Only if there are no other options since this is the closest  urgent care near me. .Bottom line: Great staff but expect to wait.	2	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vrmPAEKCh3U3HE5A7JyX6Q	The doctor and staff were very caring, professional and friendly!! They immediately attended to me when I had a severe stomach virus and I already felt better after an IV and meds once I left.  It was nice to have such a positive experience at an urgent care!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HzTM1G9GINtG_2jWlgLZMA	I don't remember what day I went in to Marque, I think it was a Wednesday evening, but the experience was excellent.  The whole staff was efficient and knowledgeable.  It was convenient for me to come here rather than going to my regular doctors office. I will be recommending this place.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iAGMsjGXgIsDbal5GydjIg	I have been going to Dr. Doonan for over a year.  First of all, his office hours are the most convenient I have ever seen ... open 8am until 8pm on weekdays and until 5pm on weekends.  A doctor that is open on weekends and in the evening ... unheard of.  Next, when I make an appointment, the only time things are late is when I am running late.  He keeps his appointments ... is always on time.  Third, and most important, when he is with me, his focus is with me and what is going on with my health ... not on what is going on in the next room with another patient or with something happening in the office.  He has a truly perfect ability to make his patients feel like they are the most important person ... and it is true for everyone in my family.  I highly recommend Dr. Doonan.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YOTdbvw8p755cEmKWS6QRw	I went to Urgent Care at Newport Center this morning and was fortunate enough to meet Rebecca Heston, one of the P.A.'s. She entered the room with a big smile and was very welcoming.  I felt cared about. I went there due to a cold I have had for most of a month. She listened to my lungs and decided to order a chest xray and have a breathing treatment, and lastly, prescribed antiobiotics and cough medicine..I now know that I have a doctor's office that I can go to in the future and be cared about. I never felt rushed, which is a big deal! .Thank you to everyone at U.C. Newport Center!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SfljtGNLwHxQgQ2jAPwMzA	I have used this urgent care at least 5 times for myself and my children. The  staff is professional, friendly, and caring. I have seen the dr. as well as  the PA and have been very satisfied with each visit. The waiting area is nice and large, and the offices are clean.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BWRUiDGqOLMYPwjORVmWEg	Beyond disappointed,  former client,  horrible customer service  from one lady at front desk. Ended up going to east bluff urgent  care.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UK0VfIITlYv1iIUU0LQ_LQ	Love ..  I have been there for a variety of minor things and they are friendly, happy and above all good at what they do. Never had to wait.more than a few minutes to see the Dr. And never felt like a number or rushed. when I did. Great group	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PjDH1KUI3mmrIseKFtuJ7w	Had a cold for over 1 week so I was a walk in appointment. Signed in immediately, high tech sign in on tablets, was taken back into a room after about 15-20min wait, was then seen immediately by a nurse and shortly after the doctor and she gave me a shot and prescribed medicine. Was out in less than an hour. Plenty of free parking too! Friendly staff, nice and knowledgeable doctor and very clean and decorated office/waiting room	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8imItlhM49__StXdwle6-w	I have to update my previous review because my last 2 visits I had to wait 2 1/2 hrs and they weren't as friendly as Doonan. Seems like I never see him anymore. I'm hoping I will not have to wait as long next time when I make an appointment or it will be my last visit.	17 11 12	2.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=rn5x2QG7uF2KeSAHxgSxcg	On 2 occasions I went to this Urgent Care. The staff, the office everyone and everything is A++. I think they are the best and I travel from Laguna Beach in order to see them!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VtLJH49pPm9KSD0dnFme0g	Is this really happening? ... So it's been a few months since I visited this place and have been out of the country for business reasons. While I was out I was informed that some girl actually called my emergency contact who is my mother! and scolded her while she was at work for 20 minutes regarding my post on yelp! Not to mention she told my mother about my medical situation.  .UNBELIEVABLE! HELLO? Can somebody say HIPPA? no more said on Dr. Doonan's staff... I'm embarrased for him!	22 5 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=o_Ungz7Px5gmkM35Eg69kQ	Great service for my child.  Went back to have staples removed expecting them to charge another office visit and they did not, as it took about 1 minute to do.  Other places would have based on experience.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vGqhJY7NPkPiUMBVZ8NR1A	10 minutes with a physician's assistant after an hour and a half wait (45 minutes in the waiting room; 45 minutes alone in the exam room), no tests or anything done, given a prescription for antibiotics.  The bill?  $432..Wow.	8 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aYAhTY6tkTkGx_HWu23Grg	Staff was super friendly, helpful, and competent. It is an urgent care, so there's a wait, but they told me the wait, signed me in and told me they would call me to come back 15 min prior to being seen which was really nice. I would definitely go there again if I need urgent care.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xgp1S_I4CAoiWr2wyGtteA	I went here for a physical. The physical was not very comprehensive. The assistant ran some tests and the PA saw me for like 5 minutes. In that time, they PA decided to put me on pills. The pills made me feel really gross. I called to see if I could get a new medicine, but the PA never returned my calls. I am not sure if the front desk even gave her the messages. I decided to get a new doctor. The new doctor did a very thorough physical and couldn't understand why I had been placed on the pills in the first place. He told me it is not normal to prescribe this medicine on a first visit, but only after several days of monitoring. He also said my test results were normal and he saw no need to put me on pills! I am so glad I quit taking the medicine and switched doctors. I think it could have become a very dangerous situation if I had kept taking pills I didn't need. Be careful and make sure you ask a lot of questions. Maybe the doctor was just rushed the day I saw her, and maybe she never got my messages to call me, but it still doesn't excuse the mistakes that were made. I hope they are more careful in the future.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZL3GCAjwxEUATyAdYJ1EVg	I visited this office for Urgent Care first thing in the morning when the office had just opened. I was admitted in less than 10 minutes by an efficient office staff. The office was clean and nice (more like walking into a classy private doctor's office rather than some type of emergency clinic). .Once I was in a patient room, Dr. Doonan was in to see me within minutes. He was open, friendly and seemed competent. He answered my questions in plain language and helped to alleviate my concerns. My favorite part was that he called in my prescriptions while I was in the room! Actually hearing him call in an Rx, and knowing that it was being worked on before I walked out the door was really reassuring. If i ever need urgent care again, I will definitely go here.	4 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FRIgQ6-c9X0MrLg3ZFFQZQ	I went to the urgent care after an ankle injury. I have Kaiser insurance, but the urgent care was able to accomodate me and give me a special rate too since I had to pay out of pocket. I saw Rebecca the PA first who ordered an x-ray of my ankle...turns out it was broken and I was stuck going back to my Kaiser Doctors. They were extremely helpful to coordinate my care at Kaiser and get a quick appointment with an orthopedist. I am very thankful they helped me to get appropriate follow up because I ended up needing surgery on my ankle. In the past when I have gone into the office and seen Rebecca and Dr. Doonan they have both been awesome helping me with bronchitis any anything else that was wrong with me.  Highly recommend.	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Q7LGuw7meEbEWh6WlA08Ig	Dr. Doonan is awesome!  I brought my 90 year old friend in to the Urgent Care because of a really bad cough.  I was so concerned that she might have pneumonia.  After waiting for about 15-20 minutes we were called to the examining room.  In a few minutes Dr. Doonan came in and began a very thorough examination.  He discussed her condition and treatment options and seemed to genuinely care about her overall well being.  He is caring, compassionate, and professional.  He gave her two shots, a breathing treatment, and two prescriptions. He insisted that she return to his office the next day so he could check her progress.  My friend felt better immediately and was so impressed with the level of care that she received.  We are so fortunate to have such a wonderful doctor to serve the people of Newport Beach!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ue9rCy8AHcBm4TZqb3-BMg	I found Dr. Noonan's office after looking for a new doctor in the area after being tired of my experience at Newport Family Medicine. The vibe there is really great and Dr. Noonan made me feel a lot better instantly. He has a great personality which is all anyone really wants when they feel miserable and have to go see a specialist. I would and will recommend him to anyone in need of a physician.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EziXmmh76-HIMNsHGS1tPg	Dr. Doonan rocks.  I hate going to the doc's because it is always a long drawn out experience but not in this case.  I was in and out withIN 20 minutes of my appointment time.  He is young and vibrant which is a relief from the typical middle age stuffy Newport beach physicians.  Would definitely recommend this guy.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pUH9-HbPHtRKphU4l5jXRA	my family been coming here for years. fun office and friendly staff but my advice.... see donnan, spring or brenda or else you will probably get misdiagnosed by the other incompetent staff. i can give many examples of being misdiagnosed but i'll spare you the details. see the above staff and you'll get better care hands down. after seeing many people at this office, these are the one's who actually understand my families complicated medical problems without just throwing pills at you so you comeback worse or sending you to another doctor for something they couldn't figure out. thanks donnan and staff for keeping us safe! surfs up!		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DE8OOj1baD8p_AKGYO-t1A	Outstanding care. Great staff. Fast service. Thanks Dr. Doonan you are a life saver!!!!!!	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-LxbJGlQbFj-fC_pCNEK6g	Awesome urgent care Dr. Doonan was great and his staff was very friendly. I will be changing my primary care physician to Dr. Doonan.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=04dafu8sUrwNV-R9Qq0p0g	I refer Dr. Doonan to anyone looking for a new physician. He has great bedside manner and seems to be constantly learning more ways to help his patients.  A friend told me to go to the Urgent Care in NB and I am so grateful to finally be rid chronic bronchitis. I saw 2 doctors about my symptoms given antibiotics and had no relief. Three days after Dr. Doonan checked me out and got me on his recommendations I could sleep without waking and breath clearly. He really knows his stuff and isn't your typical Newport doctor. He rocks!	2 1 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eVxwqVcpLIUPo2UzViRYCA	Very friendly and helpful, especially when you are usually at your worst! I think I saw Rebecca and she treated me quickly and compassionately. They even called in my prescription before I was out of the room! They did everything in their power to get me feeling better for a very important meeting the next day! I wasn't 100% but felt much better! Thanks to the entire staff! Since going my wife has been there too and was very pleased. We are excited that we can make Dr. Doonan our Primary.	3 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=D2JY0QtB9_d_U8-pkZLeOg	Brian does a great job in making his patients feel like they are being truly taken care of... His gentle demeanor along with his friendly staff make that urgent care my "go-to" for all of my medical needs.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jAQ2lcdDVpDugtS7GbM0iA	This place is great. Clean and pleasant facilities, friendly and professional staff, plenty of parking. I came in on a holiday weekend not knowing what was wrong with me and the single nurse practitioner on duty diagnosed me right away and got me on the proper meds. Excellent service, and for someone who doesn't have insurance, very reasonable prices. I would definitely return for future urgent care needs.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kdjhgZY2rwTaJISGfmhs5w	Visited for the first time January 24 2014 for flu related issues. Same morning, I called my usual doctor, only to find out she was booked all day. My girlfriend suggested I visit Newport Urgent Care. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Crystal the intake medical professional couldn't have been more friendly and smiled the whole time, which is a big deal to me especially when your sick.  Dr. Desanto was great with small talk and worked fast to get me on my way. Crystal even followed up with a phone call the following week to ask how I was doing. My usual doctor and her office does none of this. If your sick you will at least feel good when you are here because of Crystal and Dr. Desanto.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ifZJctspYoMSD0iUBzxrRw	I visited Dr. Doonan last November.  Everyone in the office was very friendly and I did not have to wait very long.  Dr. Doonan was very kind and efficient.  He was able to pinpoint my ailment and sent me off with the appropriate medications.  In addition, he is a cool guy.  I would strongly recommend Dr. Bryan Doonan to my family and dearest friends...	3	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=Ew2ZC7ZJHqnyXjaWXvvf1w	Dr. Doonan and his entire staff are superb!!! This is the only doctor my son ever trusted or wanted to see since he was in Kindergarten. Dr. D remembers everything, and is empathetic just as a doctor should be. Rebecca is on par as well! She listens not only to adults, but to children as well. .You have the option to schedule an opt, or walk-in, and either way it works well. This is a fantastic office for all needs.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-LB6xbeJZH34zuli6Q6JNA	First off Love Dr Doonan and Jenny Rhoton. They will definitely take care you.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dkCFHH8iJGKmCB3tq-BemQ	Good docs but be prepared to WAIT!  I made an appointment and still waited 60 minutes to see the doc. That sucks!  I'd love to see what the doc would say if he had to wait at a restaurant an hour past his reservation time	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=puvxF39TFGmx0J9u4b-uZA	This place was great!  The gal, Maddy, at the front desk was probably the sweetest person I have ever dealt with in a medical office. Check-in process was seamless and I only had to wait about 15 minutes before I was seen.  For an Urgent Care...this is REALLY GOOD.  I went in for an infected spider bite and the ointment they prescribed worked so fast and well that I am trying to figure out where else to use it. ;) Never really thought I would give 5 stars to  something like this but the staff was so great they deserve it.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DM9lWJ2dx-Xbku9Reh8CkQ	I was told it would be up to a 30 minute wait. I was feeling really sick but thought "ok I can handle that". There weren't many others in the waiting room. After an hour of waiting I went to ask the receptionist how much longer. I was really feeling horrible and wanted to lay down in my car - partly to avoid the two ladies in the lobby talking loudly about one's pink eye with each other and on their phones (despite the "no cell phones" signs that the receptionist did nothing to enforce). The receptionist made no comment on the fact that it had been double the wait time. She told me I was next so I decided to stick it out. 45 MINUTES LATER I was called in for my 10 minute exam.  I had waited an hour and 45 minutes for ten minutes of medical attention with only two people ahead of me in line!.I understand there may be a wait at an urgent care without an appointment but there HAS to be a better estimating system. And if an emergency has come up to delay things, acknowledge and explain! If they hadn't made me pay for my appointment when I checked in, I would have left.	5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_QPSOIr1qtFSgREcsvzRyw	I'm changing my review from 1 star to 4 stars because Brenda called me back and took the time to rectify the situation. All I wanted was a call back regarding my last visit, but I didn't and it took a Yelp review to get one. I would give Brenda 5 stars, but this includes the overall experience from the UC.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SUNtmQ3dGxMMvUaf36EdGA	This place is great!! Clean, friendly and Dr Doonan is great! Highly recommend it if you need urgent care or any health care for that matter. .Thanks!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=saIOTEv73V17ZR49snIveA	I am in the health care field and can attest that my care here was as good at it gets. I made an appointment and was seen quickly, and the care provided was as thorough as with my regular doctor.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LKuGvqZfJ0ye-F8QcdREHw	My 3-year-old son had a case of croup and we took him here on a Saturday, a day after we had to call in the paramedics in the middle of the night. The staff and the doctors were very hospitable, understanding and patient with a scared, exhausted toddler.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8YI3RaLx7D44SVZ3wzjzxw	Amazing staff and service here. This urgent care is unlike any I've ever gone to before. I've never been less than impressed with the level of care I've received and am so happy to have found an awesome primary care doctor in Dr. Doonan. The physician assistants are equally thorough and helpful. When tests are run, you actually get a call from the PA when results come in and never have to wonder what is going on. I've always been able to schedule appointments with ease or be seen as a walk in without any problems or delays. Thanks Dr. Doonan and your wonderful team!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5hRkngMozXHWiXKXhi4ZAA	Dr. Doonan is the BEST doc I have ever had. I am a long time patient. I knew him before he started his Urgent Care and have followed his practice for years. I have trusted his judgement on a variety of illnesses and orthopedic problems. He has always helped me get through each one. His "bedside manner" is nothing short of perfect. He listens, asks questions and evaluates, and even makes you laugh. That is good medicine. I moved out of state and have never found a better primary care doctor. As a matter of fact, whenever I need a dose of better health care, I fly over for the day, just to have some good medical care. His new facility and wonderful staff are to be commended. When I fly over to Newport, they make sure that I rarely have to wait. Emergencies should always come first, so if I have to wait, it is never a problem. .His clinic is top of the line. Since I moved, I have seen some bad clinics, staffers that were not interested in their responsibilities, and doctors that allow 5 minutes or less per patient. This Urgent Care has the best equipment, best caring staff, and is immaculate. Dr. Doonan and staff, just the best!.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4BH877v4jsBh3f9sHtwqzg	I had to visit the office today and this was one of the best experiences that I have had at a doctor's office, the staff was professional, the first doctor that helped was great, then she grabbed Dr. Doonan for his opinion, he was great, the girls at the front were personable, I'm impressed!! Nice work Urgent Care at Newport Center!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X06eHkrQOng800c60GliTA	I guess my experience is more in line with the negative reviews. Long wait in waiting room, long wait in room to be seen, indifferent attention, long wait for a diagnosis... Altogether a 2.5 hour visit (without an appointment). Felt slight pressure to accept a nasal test that, in retrospect, I probably did not need given that it was the flu. And yes, expensive.	6 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dQstZNiigoejywWmvrUlGQ	Everyone here is so lazy. Receptionist told me wait about 40 min, so I spent almost 3 hours!!!	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HcRpJI2h3b80BlDtTAvLDw	Never wrote a review of a facility like this- but I knew I had to because of how impressed I was. The service was excellent. I love that they use the check in tablets. My other doctor uses these too so it made it super fast as a new patient to check in. The wait wasn't very long at all. I wish my regular doctor was this fast. They also were honest about how long it was going to take- which I appreciated the notice and the accurateness. .The PA was really nice- thorough and efficient. .They electronically sent my prescriptions to the pharmacy next door- and they were ready about 5 minutes after I got there. The pharmacy is great too! I recommend going even for regular pharm items- super cheap!		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=15MOIu3ZbwBmJdh5svnAZA	Dr. Doonan has it figured out! .Last week, I came in sick as a dog on one of the coldest and rainiest days of the year... without an appointment. Anticipating the worst, I was greeted by probably the nicest blonde haired receptionist who was extremely sympathetic to my situation. .The waiting room was clean and all the paper work was all done on iPads! I waited maybe 5 minutes before being taken back and seen by. Dr. Doonan who was very professional, knowledgable and friendly. .The urgent care at Newport Center is a great place to get fast medical care. It is my primary care facility!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mwfpty1qXt4eUxC3gguN8Q	Urgent Care is rather mediocre at best, here's why...1. Registration system didn't work (iPad registration system)..2. I waited 1:10 minutes in main waiting area (even though I had an appointment!).3. Next, I waited another 25min in the little waiting room. (Yes, total waiting time 1:35 w an appointment).4. No blood work done here, they send you to different location (Why can't they do blood work here and send it to lab?)..5. Check pricing, their services are high compared to others..Hope that helps others to make an informed decision.	4 1 2	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=161dZF5LssBvYWHGSctc-Q	The Doctor was terrible!! .She didn't get me right prescription, and didn't return my calls, putting my health at risk..She was lazy.I first went to this clinic 3 months ago. I found it on yelp and saw it had good reviews. On the first day, she ordered a blood test and said she would send me the results.   She didn't get me the results until I made another appointment a month later and paid her again, then I got my papers..She prescribed a terrible medicine for me and didn't correct it..The first appointment felt rushed and no thorough.  She prescribed medicine for me after one blood pressure reading. The medicine she gave me was terrible. It made me look like a corpse. I felt dizzy and couldn't  do anything hole day. I went back to tell her about the side effects and paid her again.  She told me she would change the medicine, but when I went to pick it up, I found out she never called the prescription in to the pharmacy. All they had was the same prescription I had before.  I tried to call her office, but the assistant would not let me talk to the doctor.  I asked her to have the doctor call me and explained the problem but the doctor never called me back. Now I have this terrible medicine and I wasted a bunch of time and money.  I am not even sure I need this medicine because I did some research and found out blood pressure can vary significantly between tests and should be taken 3 times and averaged to get an accurate reading.  Her medical assistant only tested me once and never even told me the results.  I am definitely not returning to this office.  I would think twice before you do too.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZvfwjxtUMTazbdy7K3x8-Q	OUTSTANDING. For a fresh change in medical treatment, check our Dr Noonan's Urgent Care in Newport Beach.  This by far the best medical office in SoCal.  The staff is helpful friendly and adds a layer of client services, rarely  experienced in the medical industry.   .Let's be honest, medical offices typcially suck. Wait times are unreasonably long just to waiting even longer in the exam room. And when the MD finally shows up, he/she is out of there in 5 mins. .You won't experience this here.  The tech, Tony, is friendly gregarious and expedient.  The medical staff, PA, NP are simply outstanding. Both Jenny and Rebecca were prompt and spent extra time and care ensuring treatment is appropriate, explained all details patiently, and spent far more time than your typical medical visit.  Both Rebecca's and Jenny's are exceptional at their craft, as evidenced by their proper diagnosis, clear and precise trrament, and the diligence and care upon administration of said treatment..Best medical referral I received was to this office.  I am returning that favor by referring any readers to this office.  This is the first time I actually enjoyed visiting a medical office. Check it out for yourself.  They are simply OUTSTANDING.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fufy9yvO6dX2ZmA0GYd2rA	Dr. Rebecca Heston was the sweetest, most empathetic doctor that I have ever met. I was looking for a primary care doctor and came to Dr. Heston at my friends' referrals. I've been having ongoing back and hip pain for the past 4 years and not a single one of my 4 pain management doctors and my old primary care doctor has ever asked me how I was doing inside - emotionally. Dr. Heston was the first doctor to ask about my well being, both inside and out.  I am very thankful to have found her. She recommended that I see an orthopedic surgeon and referred me to a couple of them.  I highly recommend her if you're looking for a primary care doctor. She is heaven sent.		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=e8KoY5TFONpMpr_uJTJvYQ	I used to be a (say 5 star) fan of this Urgent Care.  Dr. Doonan and Dr. Heston are very nice and very helpful.  The location wasn't the most convenient location compared to two other closer Urgent Care competitors, but I felt for the service, attention and ease this was my preferred choice..After a good streak of health, I hadn't had the need to use their services until recently.     .Then a week out from a trip to NYC, I needed to relieve a bit of leg pain so I could better walk the streets.  I made a last minute trip to the office for a shot that I had received in the past.  I arrived at 7:45pm and their offices close at 8pm.  Upon arriving, I was told at the door (as the assistant was about to lock it) that the Dr. was busy treating a patient and wouldn't be able to see me.  I said that all I needed was a shot that had been administered before - one that is usually given by the assistant herself.  After a couple minutes of looking my info up, I was told that I had to be seen by the Dr. and that she couldn't authorize the anti-inflammatory shot.  I was totally cool with it, but was a little bummed that I'd have to wait until the next day.......the next day I made an appointment to see the doctor.  After waiting over an hour, (which again, didn't bother me), I was administered the shot.  I was also told that I could return in the next couple days to get another shot without seeing the Dr. if the condition didn't clear up.  .Two days later I returned to the office at 7:30pm to find the door locked.  This time however the blinds were blacked out and nobody would talk to me (people were definitely inside).  This was basically my last straw.  Why have an 8pm closing time if you lock the doors 1/2 an hour early?  Why not even have a note outside providing an explanation?  .I guess from a customer service standpoint I am disappointed that as a loyal and pretty mellow patient, I was given the shaft.  Perhaps it's just time for me to move on and find a better ran business.	13 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=a3Ol37WcewzO2kDgP1M-gQ	Liked the PA I saw, she was thorough and took the time to listen to me. The front office staff was not friendly nor were they interested in doing their jobs.	1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Zwvq5FLSh_z1NrJeN4yy5Q	Stopped in on Wednesday from out of town because my son was sick with a high fever. Receptionists were not friendly. I did like the PA that we saw. In office culture tested negative for strep throat, but they sent out a culture that was supposed to be ready in 48-72 hours to determine diagnosis (PA said in office strep culture is not always accurate). After 2 days of antibiotics my son wasn't improving and had been awake the whole night crying. Came back first thing In the morning, they checked him again, still had no answer or diagnosis. Switched his antibiotics. Was told they would call by 11 on Friday with strep results. They  called Saturday (did not leave any kind of message whatsoever). I called back, was told the PA had left for the day and another dr would call me back by the end of the day. I told them I REALLY wanted the results because we would be flying back home the next day. NO PHONE CALL. Left a message after they closed Saturday and it is Sunday afternoon.. STILL NO PHONE CALL. I've pretty much had it with this place. They never helped my son, gave me any kind of diagnosis, and won't even call me back with test results. In addition, they've been rude and unhelpful. Would not return again!!!	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GM2ItevN-nDH4B8A__if-A	Dr. Doonan and his staff are the best! As with all, one has to wait at times but it's understandable that the wait us due to their commitment to give EVERYONE the attention required and absolute gold standard in care. On several occasions, I have felt ill and while my primary provider could not find time  on their schedule, Dr. Doonan and his staff have treated me and or prevented illness. Totally worth the wait. Experience, cleanliness, price effectiveness, care, trust and reliability in health care restored by this practice.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ewyPPvCXXORp41tJEqdLuA	Came in because I got sick during my vacation. I was seen right away and given the meds I needed to feel better. The staff was very friendly and helpful. So glad I had this place to go to. It's always a little scary going somewhere new, at least in a medical setting, when you are not from the area.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4pX4VX_JmnOhjdwNurX6QA	They were horrible, the wait to be scene was 15 mins but once inside waiting for the nurse to come in and ask what was wrong to 30 mins then waiting for the doctor took and hour. He came in and asked what were my symptoms which the nurse should have gave him since he wrote them down, he comes in for a hot second then leaves. An hour later still waiting to see the doctor and I hear that he is attending other patients. I hear the staff just talking about there day. Not paying attention the the patients that are paying to be scene. I am so disappointed and will never come here again or will refer this place to anyone one. Don't come on a Sunday!!! And we expect better treatment since this is Newport Beach. If you need to go to an urgent care in Newport go to marquee they are truly the best, in town all class all the way!!! I am writing this review and I am still waiting for the doctor.	7 4 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UGfXqkPXIFUyFTvMUdcs1w	I had a great experience here this morning. From the front desk to the doctor everyone was helpful, friendly, professional and kind. Came in with what turned out to be a cold and left with everything I needed within an hour!  Thank you	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YdxyGlBJbj4cnR8j-e8Cpg	I went for a flu shot I was told my insurance would not cover me and would need to pay $30.00.  When I got home,  my husband said Rite Aid took his insurance.   .Of course I went in to speak with Sandra the office manager.  I was told that the $30.00 charge was policy.  The owner Trenton Rhodes has business policies.  The doctors are employees and not involved in the business.  Important information to know.  I really like the doctors ... I'm really disappointed in the policy.  I did get a refund.... .You really do pay more to live in Newport Beach........concierge medicine	5 1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=W3Nir2KtLMNMheVtYHfEag	Rarely and I do mean rarely do you find a doctor and practice as AMAZING as doctor Donnan and his staff!  I first found Dr. Donnan through an urgent care issue with one of my kids.  I was so impressed with his bedside manner ability to listen to the patient and mom and treat the situation in a very professional yet personal manner.  How many times have you ever seen a doctor personally call in a script from his cell or call the hospital for a heads-up if you have to go to ER..With out any doubt he is now our family primary doctor.  .One time my son got a severe concussion.  Dr Donnan cared so much he gave his cell number if needed and called on his off time to check in on my son.  WOW!.I can give Doc and his staff this rating because I have had this same level of service each of the 7 times we have been there.  As such - not just a one or tow time great experience..Consistent great care all around!!!!!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rkcmKX3fIaZAmUdw_xEJhw	I took my wife to the urgent care office on back-to-back days a couple of weeks ago for two unrelated issues.  She was in a lot of pain on the 1st day and the doctor came in and helped her out right away with a shot.  I honestly was a little concerned not having met Dr. Noonan yet that he would be a bit on the arrogant side what with all the surfing pics, being in Newport, etc. (particularly because my wife and I aren't the best physical specimens) but was pleasantly surprised to get the complete opposite.  Tremendous bedside manner, made us feel at ease immediately.  Our prior doc had retired and we hadn't yet found a regular MD; I guess I should just ask if we can be seen regularly there rather than search out someone else.  Their office is a bit far for us, but I heck I used to drive over to Solana Beach from Escondido, so maybe it isn't so far after all..The 2nd of the back-to-back days had my poor wife back in for extreme nausea; poor kid couldn't even keep water down.  This time we saw the physician's assistant (forgive me but your name escapes me just now) but again her immediate issue was taken care of with a shot (and on both visits were immediately followed up with prescriptions called in on the spot)..We were handled courteously and professionally by all staff.  Our wait time wasn't long (I think maybe 20 minutes was the longest), so perhaps whatever issues I saw on some reviews from a couple of years ago have been addressed.  At any rate, I didn't see any evidence of them.	2 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2-movmosJGbScBKq7hAICA	At 38-years-old, it has taken me my entire adult life to find a doctor who is both knowledgeable and trustworthy.  Dr. Doonan has a very calm, easy-going demeanor, and at the same time he is also very professional, which makes for a comfortable visit.  When I ask him questions regarding a diagnosis or the details of my physical condition, Dr. Doonan is always courteous and informative, which allows me to leave his office with the confidence that I also understand my condition.  Simply put, he is the best!.Now if I could only find a trustworthy & competent auto mechanic, too, I'd be set!	5 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lAdAglXXGauNmmtBZu7nWg	Awful. I suffered a hand trauma 3 weeks ago and visited this urgent care because of the pain and swelling. The Physician's Assistant Rebecca saw me when I first arrived (very nice, professional, and intelligent) and sent me for an x-ray. When I returned Dr. Doonan saw me in the lobby, YES THE LOBBY in front of everybody, apparently patient privacy means nothing. He was on his way out to a lunch date (according to my friend) wearing red jeans and a red plaid shirt without any professional identification or attire. He hardly introduced himself and quickly felt my wrist and was convinced I had a ganglion cyst. I told him I had a ganglion before and this felt and looked nothing like it, not to mention it didn't meet the general criteria. I informed him that my hands were two different temperatures but he was quick to dismiss that right away. Long story shorter, I saw my primary care doctor and got another x-ray, the radiology report says it looks like I might have broken my scaphoid bone. Dr. Doonan was incredibly unprofessional and dismissed everything I had to say, not to mention made an inaccurate diagnosis without ANY hesitation whatsoever. I think he spent a total of 2-3 minutes with me if that, never ever coming here again that's for sure..1 Star = Eek! Me thinks not	16 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UvOBM-nrjo9wuQlGW7DR0A	Knowledgeable, responsive and efficient. The whole staff is great, the Dr Heston, one of the NPs, is excellent. (She helped solve a bad asthma spell for me.) They get to know you and really care about the whole person. Dr. Doonan is a great family practitioner and I highly recommend him. He also has a great sense of humor!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=95u_vsplJsRRnvq85KWkUw	I absolutely love this practice. Dr. Doonan and his PA's are tops. I saw Rebecca Westin last week for an annual check-up and was reminded of the competence and professionalism of the entire team. THANKS REBECCA!	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fD6BE1EhCX8Ez0iUSV6gzA	I would gladly recommend Dr. Doonan and his staff to anyone. .Patient care was great. His staff was friendly and nice, especially the nurse that took my vitals. Dr. Doonan is genuinely nice and had wonderful bedside manner. .I'm a happy patient and would return again in the future.	6 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1A-dUHuKEH1TdDVdPKJX0g	I first came here for a sports injury.. nasty bursitis  from heavy weight training... the whole experience.. form the cool/nice staff, convenience/ seasonal flu shot AND their respect for MY time.... i said to myself.. 'I wonder if he does primary care".. then realized of course he does... Saw Dr. Doonan this week, got some scripts refilled and such. same great experience... and i HATE doctors.. he's super easy to talk to, 'gets' my sports medicine needs, and is young, still open to new ideas and patients 'taking control' of their own health ((vs old school "i know best')) BS.If your daily health needs are not too complicated I cant recommend them enough.. and as one of millions of Americans who cant get insured, their prices are great; HUGE props.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JqrWiuZklbXA2OiMlOGDRA	Great Doctor, great service. .I was super sick and trying to fight this damn super cold for about 10 days and finally decided to go to the Doctor. .My husband has gone to Dr. Doonan for years and always been pleased with the service and staff there so I decided to go to his office and am so thankful I did. .The office is extremely clean and modern. It was definitely not like most sterile urgent care offices where they just move bodies in and out and don't care about their presentation or comfort to patients. .I didn't have to wait long, I met with Rebecca first who was a sweetheart and I saw the Doctor shortly after. He told me not to worry that he sees a lot of people a day with similar symptoms and that I would be feeling much better in 24 hours. He called the pharmacist right there and ordered my prescription. I really appreciated his compassion and sense of urgency to get me feeling better. Just like he said I felt 80% in 24 hours and 100% in 48 hours - I was shocked, in a great way.. I hope I don't get sick again but if I ever do I will ALWAYS go back to Dr. Doonan and his staff. Thanks guys!	2 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nXApywRMntk939ieHRYKSQ	I cannot comment on the actual care provided by this place since I never actually got in to see the Dr....On the recommendation of a friend who is also a personal friend of the Dr Doonan and Yelp I called to set my initial appointment with this Dr. I set the appt probably about a week in advance. Day of the appointment comes along and I get a call from the receptionist saying the Dr. wasn't going to come in today but I could see a PA. I have no problems with a PA but for my first visit to a new Dr., I expect to see the actual Dr.  Not uncalled for I don't think..I called back to reschedule and asked if this was normal and I was assured it was not. I asked for a day we could guarantee the Dr. was in. We set another appointment about another week out. .Here rolls around the day of my new appointment and same thing!? I get a call from the receptionist saying the Dr. was not going to come in today either but I could see a PA. I don't want to see a PA. I want to see the Dr! (at least my first visit so I can determine if it's a place I want to continue to go.).I won't be making a 3rd appointment. I'm sure glad that this wasn't truly URGENT as I would probably be dead before the Dr. decided to come in...	11 4 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_cXHC1NW-CD_kckx-BYCSQ	I am very impressed with Urgent Care at Newport Center, and I hope that more medical care will be delivered in this service model.  Having been a consumer for decades of the traditional physician office setting, where appointments are necessary and hard to schedule, no weekend hours, etc., I find the urgent care approach refreshing, and economical..I just had my annual physical with Dr. Doonan and his team, and was extremely pleased with the care I received.  My wife has been treated here several times for a few minor ailments, as well, and she, too, has been very satisfied..I've received 5 star service, so I am reciprocating with my 5 star rating. .Bob (Newport Beach)	7 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=csNjRa-ADefOLt4D09pDgw	Everyone here kicks ass. I just got my typhoid/hep-a/malaria hookup for an upcoming trip to Nicaragua, and they were just great. Didn't have to wait in the lobby too long, the girl that gave me the shots was amazing ( didn't hurt at all ), and the girl who wrote my prescriptions was super nice and informative. To top it all off, the office was ultra clean, and the decor was surf and skate based, with pro autographs thanking Dr. Doonan all over the office. Highly recommended !!	3	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=6bRDQRnoIpUhuVZnj5hCjQ	Friendly and quick, and I always feel taken care of. Nothing but praise for a well-run operation. Dr. Doonan and crew do a great job.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=COuztJpSsVu1xMafmjwqXQ	Dr. Doonan is a fabulous doctor.  My family started coming to Dr. Doonan several years ago when someone had the flu or the bug.  He has now become our family doctor.  He is approachable with any type of question, professional, knowledgeable and has an outstanding staff.  I highly recommend Dr. Doonan..Judy Phillips.Newport Beach		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RAjePWe0JZ6FijaSDssDFQ	Newport Center Urgent Care and Dr. Bryan Doonan are exceptional.  The entire staff is extremely conscious of each and every patients needs.  Not one person goes unwelcomed or leaves without feeling cared for.  I have been treating w/ Dr. Doonan and his staff for years and send every single person I know to them b/c I can guarantee that each and every one of my friends will have the same experience- and that experience will be superior to any other Family Practice office or Urgent Care center.  The care you want is the care you will receive at the Newport Center Urgent Care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZD8mna3UzMNoGMOBbakTkQ	Best place to come for flu shots! They get you in and out real quick and the Medical Assistant that gave me my shot was painless!! I paid $30 dollars for my flu shot (which is much cheaper than the bill I received last year due to my insurance not covering it, submitting my receipt for reimbursement was much easier to do). I'm not sure what the experience was like for other patients, but based on the history of one reviewer, I wouldn't complain over a $30 flu shot if I can buy RVs and a $4,000 mattress. In my opinion, spending $30 for the treatment I received at this wonderful facility is just petty bus fair.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jyRBpEL7ZS1N5bZM9K1xww	Dr. Donnan and Dr. Heston rock my world.  I'm a "repeat offender" many times over at this facility and every time I walk in (or come in for a scheduled appointment) for whatever reason I am greeted by friendly staff and treated with utmost dignity and respect with friendly attitudes across the board.  Yes, the wait can be long if you come in on a walk in basis but WHAT DO YOU EXPECT at a flippin' urgent care facility?? The E.R. on a good day at any hospital comes with a wait time that is exponentially longer than at Urgernt Care at Newport Center.  It's essentially impossible, in my vast experience, to be taken seriously when presenting with c/o pain to any doctor (especially when you're under 30 but it DOES happen) but Dr. Doonan actually examined my problem area and found a tangible reason that is causing my pain.  I'm sure somebody out there reading this will relate to the extraordinary frustration caused by doctors who brush off your suffering and tell you to keep doing the same things you have been to keep your pain under control even after you've told them emphatically time and time again that there is something seriously wrong and you need help.  If that is the case, go see Doonan! If you're looking for a doc that's "fast & loose" with the prescriptions, however, keep looking because Dr. Doonan and Dr. Heston display nothing but pure professionalism in that respect (and all other respects).  This office is now my go-to for all my medical concerns.	6 3 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=y-qTr612GHTwIerK1WTY4g	Dr. Doonan is the best Doctor in Newport Beach. Hands down.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ztb_ocgpmLvZpWHtFVKZTw	URGENT CARE at NEWPORT CENTER is amazing!  You can expect a friendly & attentive staff.  Superior service by people who showed genuine care for my son & myself.  They have everything in their clinic to meet your every need.  We were seen by their PA Rebecca and she made my son feel comfortable and at ease.  We were in & out quickly with all our medications and well on our way to a great recovery.  The facility is clean, professional and makes you feel at home!  Thanks Urgent Care at Newport Center.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3zJZw0K-vkR6N2g6RavZMg	I called last evening for an appointment for my husband today.  Was told that he could have a 9:30 a.m. appointment.  He arrived this morning on time and waited 1 hr. to be seen.  So much for appointments.  Just take your chance and go in and get into the line.  I know there are a lot of sick people right now but why be told you have an appointment simply to get into the line for an hour wait.  He would have shown up when they opened.  Just wanted to give you heads up!  Otherwise, visit went well.,	3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ITBDqX85xjsOqojbblSWew	This was a below average service I have received in a doctor office. Upon arrival, no one bothered to ask why I am there until I approached the girl at the front desk and she handed me an ipad which ran out of battery 2 minute later. I met the doctor 30 mins later. Docto Doonan is a good doctor, seemed very distracted at the moment but I do understand that he might have had a long day.. 3 days later I want there again and told the lady at the front desk that my medication must be changed or I may need to see the doctor again cuz my condition has not improved. she said she will call me back and I don't need to wait there. I have waited for her call 3 days now and no one has called me yet!!! they encourage you to leave feedback and give you amazon gift card for doing that. I think that is not an acceptable practice specially in med practice! In general I would not recommand this office to anyone, and surely wont see them again.	1 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=brVpFoL4aw-aEpNifPdMzA	Since my last visit Dr. Doonan has insituted an electronic medical record system.  They do everything on iPads now.  Very streamlined process that makes for great fast service.  Truly a cut above every other urgent care I have been to.  Great doctor and a well run office!!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=W7tAmp3OLxrcV_EAG_dyLQ	I was sick one Saturday but I didn't want to go to the hospital so I found this Urgent Care on google. I saw a young woman (I think she was the physician's assistant?). She was very helpful and knew what was wrong with me right away. She gave me some medicine for a sinus infection and I was feeling better that evening! I would definitely come back here... the person I saw was not only knowledgeable but also friendly and easy to talk to. She made me feel really comfortable right from the start. And, most importantly, she knew how to fix the problem right away! The whole process probably took less than one hour.  I would definitely come back here instead of going through the hassle of making an appointment with my doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gkJL5lMI1fGB01nzB1yFAg	Dr. Doonan and the crew at Newport Beach Urgent Care are awesome. The facilities are clean, the staff is friendly, and the doctor is top notch. You can make an appointment or just walk-in and they are open at hours that a working professional can actually fit into a busy schedule. I have been going to Newport Beach Urgent Care for quite some time and highly recommend them to all my friends and family. If you are looking for a great doctor and/or a respectable walk-in urgent care then look no further then Dr. Doonan and Newport Beach Urgent Care.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=G-SBRYpk_X1Sr9Cyh3dIqw	The Staff, (Sandra) and her people at the front desk are so friendly.  Both Dr. Doonan and Dr. Heston are both two of the best doctors I have seen.  They truly care about what you have to say and your needs.  I would recommend Dr. Doonan and Urgent Care to anymore from an emergency or as a primary physician.  AMAZING!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YXbFb636MMGxRiLRO_wf9g	I have nothing but great things to say about Dr. Doonan and the Newport  Urgent Care Center.  Let me start by saying that it is so hard now-a-days finding a doctor who will take the time of day to sit down and actually listen and help you.  Dr. Doonan is very thoughtful, kind, gentle, and ever intelligent.  Immediately after seeing him for an urgent care visit, I requested that he be my primary care physician.  Never have I known a physician to be so pr-active in their patient care.  If you want to get better and feel better than Dr. Doonan is the man to see.  He is a doctor who is sure to cover all of the bases to insure that you are feeling better as soon as possible.  I have seen him several times and I always leave feeling better about being sick.  He understands his patients and makes life as easy as he can for them.  I like the fact that he almost always will call in a rx, if needed, while you are at the office so by the time you leave and arrive at the pharmacy, it is ready for you.  Dr. Doonan also likes to treat you while you are there with a shot of antibiotics, anti-nausea , whatever the case.  Dr. Doonan is a physician that is few and far between and a model to all physicians..The staff at Newport Urgent Care is very kind and thoughtful and always are able to answer any questions I might have.  The physicians that also work the weekends and the evenings do a great job as well.  .If you are feeling under the weather and need a physician I would recommend no one else other than Dr. Doonan  and the Newport Urgent Care1	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DbH3Ftrbb0bwhH70UKLdrA	This was hands down the best medical experience I've had in a long time.  I was very nervous walking in because this was my first visit, but everyone in the office was friendly and nice.  Dr. Doonan was able to quickly diagnose what was wrong and sent me directly next door for xrays.  Within 20 minutes I was back in the office and he reviewed the pics immediately, diagnosed the issue and I was on my way.  Overall, it was an awesome experience and so good that I'm making him my primary care physician.  Thanks everyone.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=b12j7-qa9BiafvjP1lKuBw	Dr. Bryan Doonan is a great doctor, very thorough and took his time. I have seen him many times over a few years. Nice staff and located near Fashion Island. He specializes in family practice, preventative medicine and sports medicine. Definitely recommend him.	1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=FPSqob4V4puORMJOsbzdJw	Dr Anita Liu is an outstanding physician who has shown more concern about my health than I could have ever expected. I have been going to see her for over 10 years. Every member of  her staff is professional and friendly. She has provided the best care of any physician I ever visited. .I can't speak for those with complaints. But I can say this.. Don't equate  her lack of time with a lack of concern. Dr Liu has always shown concern above and beyond what I could expect regardless of her schedule, which is always busy (a very good sign). After all, show me a doctor who has time to waste and I'll show you a doctor that not many people want to see..I highly  recommend Dr Liu.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eQfX8ZKqxkIM3v7yCTnHRw	Dr. Anita is caring, professional, and awesome.  I have been her patient for over 8 years and what a delightful (and energetic!) doctor she is. I'm very thankful for her!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yD40lSkdXyJOq2BLuzPGVA	My entire family was seen by Dr. Liu for well over a decade when we lived in Irvine. She is so kind, caring and takes as much time as possible with you. She really gets to know her patients and what goes on in their lives -- after all, that impacts your health in a big way, and she understands that. We recently moved out of the area and very reluctantly had to change providers. Our doctor now is more convenient, geographically speaking, but we miss Dr. Liu tremendously.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zvoDcHLURhJpHDIItLlJxQ	I have had Dr. Liu for over four years. I find her an outstanding doctor. I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes to see her. She is very bright, personable and engaging. Several of my co-workers have seen her and have had the same experience.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OW36UuTCF8KnDUJEAY9kPw	i went to this office as a new patient from my previous colleague's referral. first app, there was just some med history review with the dr and forms filling and shortly after the app i did tests at a well-known lab for next app's analysis, or the actual annual physical. second app, i had the actual annual physical and dr also reviewed the test results with me. everything was fine until i got the bills from this office..first of all, the first app cost more than the actual annual physical from the 2nd app. Can you understand it ? there was only med history reviewing/forms filling with my 1st app since i was a new patient and there was nothing to begin with, and i can certainly understand that it would not be free at all. i called them a few times and finally got hold of the dr and i was told that it was the new patient fees in their industry which would be normal. the dr also said that they can charge this "new patient" fees based on the contract between them and my insurance company, who is not required to pay this "new patient" fees at all. But, the truth is that the contract between them and the dr office has a limit on how much they can charge new patients the new patient fees. and you can probably guess it: they charged me more than that limit. after lots of calls between the dr office and their financial dept they finally corrected the charge and i paid almost right away..the other thing is about my tests done at this well-known lab of national scale for my annual physical. the lab totally messed up my claims and I spent tons of money up front which would've come from my insurance company, and I sent a tremendous amount of efforts and received long suffering, all by myself, for 6 months to finally get my.money back from the lab. it's nothing to do with the dr office becasue it was not their fault. however, they wouldn't help you either and you are on your own, as long as they get the money they want from you..in summary, don't go to this dr office. i wouldn't say they don't care about patients' health, but just like some other posts here, they care about your money FAR more than anything else(including your health), and you can already sense it when you sign one or two of the documents as a new patient there. they don't care at all when there is any problem about fees between patients and other parties, such as.insurance company and test labs...etc, as long as they get their money. it's total legit that they don't care because they dont need to, as long as they get their money. but we can certainly do better than this conspicuously-downright-profit-driven and patients'-other-issues-dont-care-at-all type of business in america.	2 2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0fLHpbQnC1P86Ykbp4poxw	They tend to overbook... I waited 2 1/2 hours for a regular exam appointment only to have the doctor spend 5 minutes with me and throw a prescription my way without answering any of my questions.	3 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TJdB3ntjmfeN90fsSOyOLg	Review is for pre-Yelp days.  Both of my parents are patients of Dr Liu through family friend's recommendation.  My parents did not speak  English well at that point, so finding a doctor that can speak their native language was a big factor.  .The recommendation we were given was she is caring, very responsive, and all around a great doctor.  Unfortunately, our experience was the complete opposite.  In the first few months, I would schedule appointments for my parents, and the staff was fine, not particular helpful, but wasn't bad.  The feedback I got back from my parents on Dr Liu was she seemed to be in a hurry, and really didn't spend the time with them addressing questions.  Mind you, at this time, she was recommended by a close family friend and we all know each other's family.  I was abit taken back by the lack of attention for family friends, and not just your everyday patient..Things progressively got worse.  My parents do have some health issues, so was seeing her about once/month.  Everytime I ask about their visit, they couldn't tell me what the treatment is, nor what the doctor's recommendations..etc.  This is not due to language problem, so I was puzzled.  In addition, there has been 2 incidents where my parents would show up for an appointment where the front desk nurse screwed up the appointment day, and tried to turn my parents away.  The nurse also tried to blame my parents for the screw up, since they are senior citizen.  I keep track of all of my parents appointments, I take their medical treatments very seriously, and I DO NOT MAKE SCREW UP ON MEDICAL APPOINTMENTS.  We brought this issue to the doctor's attention, she simply brushed it off..My parents are traditional asian types, and did not want to stir up the pot among family friends, so continued to go to her despite the fact that they were getting subpar treatment..I was able to find several other great doctors who actually care for their patients well being.  Good luck to those that are seeing her, and hopefully she's learned to care.	6 1 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ERsc0Od-gN6dFPGWaE46Aw	I've been going to her for years, mainly because I was too lazy to change doctors.  The staff (seriously why is friendly helpful office workers so hard to find lately) is so-so.  Sometimes they will say hi, sometimes now.  The waiting room is tiny but who cares (unless you are waiting for over 30 minutes and you have to stand, which happens occasionally).  The reason why I'm finally leaving is because the office is too loud!  A combination of very thin walls, small office, and loud voices (Dr. Liu's voice carries throughout the office).  There is NO privacy here!  If you are okay with having your information public knowledge to everyone sitting in the waiting room, then by all means go to Dr. Liu!  Many a times I've witnessed and heard conversations between office staff and Dr. Liu regarding a patient that had just called (addressing more private matters or just complaining about that patient).  Although they can always squeeze you in when needed (probably like the prior reviewer because they like taking your money), she really is the kind of doctor that likes to overly prescribe drugs to you.  I've had drugs prescribed to me when not needed (after consulting with my doctor friends and even my local pharmacist).  In all honestly I would recommend her if not for the lack of privacy in her office setting.  I think it's VERY unprofessional to know about everyone's business and why they are in the office.  I typically have gone in because of a cold or sickness here and there so I really didn't care about privacy so much.  However I am sick of her staff and the fact that they are not professional so I am moving on to another doctor in Irvine.  Sad because she is pretty close to my house and I have gone to her for awhile but nothing has changed.  I would NOT recommend her to friends.		2.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=pBOVDNfRnBDJTiW0x9FjqQ	Dr Nili had been our primary physician for years. He is by far the best doctor I have ever seen. Not only he is extremely knowledgeable, he is also so kind and compassionate and always genuinely caring for his patients. He is truly one of a kind. Our family is so grateful to him for his expertise as well as his kindness.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ajiyhQ0M4AfufZIYWyxtnQ	Dr. Nili is the best. I went to the office couple of months ago for the first time and I easily did make an appointment the day before. Although it was the Friday before the long weekend, it only took me five minutes to be taking care of since I already filed the papers online. The staff were really nice. Maryam is such a nice and sweet lady that you can rely on from the very beginning of the first conversation. She returned my message herself, letting me know my lab work was normal. Thank you Dr. Nili. You and your staff are the best.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CcOYl0-cWc2FWYb1beksnQ	Dr. Nili and his staff are very helpful. Every appointment I've had, I have left feeling cared about because of how considerate Dr. Nili and his staff are. .If you're looking for quality care, you've found the right place. :)	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cdugcWGwo0BBUBjzUZby-Q	I've been a patient of Dr. Nili's for 8 years and he is an excellent and caring doctor. His patients are top priority. He takes his time to listen to your concerns and patiently addresses all the issues and questions you have.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=m92gEyLI2KXGUr_II6mKJg	Very disappointing place.   Went there as a new patient with high hopes - this dr seems to have pretty reviews. .Arrived there pretty much on time, filled out all paperwork in advance from home as I was instructed when I called to make an appointment.   .Once I arrived, I already guessed I was in trouble - 4 people were waiting ahead of me already.  .Patiently waited and after no word came from the office assistant when I will be able to see the doctor, i was told that she scheduled the appointment 30 mins later just in case I would not have filled out the paperwork in advance.   I ended up waiting another 45 mins at which point I just left.   Waiting an hour and 15/20 min is just not acceptable - especially if it is not during rush hour.   .This doc may or not be a good doctor, but he and his staff have no respect for his patients time.  Definitely not going again.	7 5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XqxnCqGxYYiS3GHSm9hrpA	Dr. Nili is a very nice and passionate Doctor. I respect him and Im sure if he knew some patients have problem with his receptionists, he would do something about it..My Review is here for his Receptionists. The term  Return calls is not introduced to them. First of all, they try to give you medical advice which I dont think it's professional. Then whenever they say they will give you a call back, they have NEVER done that ! They still owe me 4 call backs!! The term I'm in pain, please ask the doctor to send me/pharmacy the prescription is just like saying " Whenever you had time during the next month, ask the doctor or your grandma, to give me a prescription" ! .I asked them to ask the doctor to give ma an extra blood work that I go to the lab just once, that was 4 months ago!!! .When I was 27, I asked the receptionist to check if I can get my HPV shot under my insurance coverage in their office, Now I'm 31 and never got back their phone call !.I called 3 hours ago with a lot of pain , and then called back one hour ago to check if the doctor had sent my prescription to the pharmacy,.... not answered!.I called the pharmacy I thought maybe they have send the prescription to the pharmacy, but no luck ! .So, I had to say it ! But Again! I think Dr. Nili is a very nice doctor, But I cannot take it anymore with his unprofessional receptionists..So.. Update !   Finally I found one the girls in his office who cares about everyone and everything!  Aida is the best :)	1 1 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1CEZN3wbHLEvdxRjR161Qw	This practice is outstanding in terms of their reception, medical assistants and practitioners. They are very respectful, caring and responsive. Both doctor and nurse practitioner are very present to what patient is saying and care about the patient's health as a whole, with a holistic perspective. Very unique in how they treat people and making the patient a partner in their own health.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=u2UtrV7ZLzs0E-vn66-ZMw	I was searching for a new primary care doctor in a hurry (we just moved to CA and I was enrolling with new insurance.)  Though I was skeptical of just trusting reviews on the internet, I'm so glad I did..My initial visit with Dr. Nili was good, he took the time to hear me out regarding my health, history, etc.  But the real reason for 5 stars is his ability to help me when I really needed a doc.  I called in desperate pain with my shoulder.  I got right in, he helped me manage my pain and got me to an ortho in about 24 hours!  Dr. Nili even personally called me to check in after I called regarding a reaction to a medication he gave me.  That's quite rare these days..Office staff is great.  Liz, Dr. Nili's nurse, is extremely patient and will go the extra mile to help..Overall, I am so glad I found this terrific, highly recommended office.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZVBXAETT1BxxHV_ICwb6Pg	Dr. Nilli is always so attentive, he takes time to answer all your questions. He makes everyone feel so comfortable. His staff, nurse practioner (MaryAnne), and facilities are absolutely amazing! I would never go anywhere else. Yes, you may have to wait a little bit for your appointment time, but please note that Dr. Nili takes his time with patients and ensures that you understand him and he understands you. You will not go wrong with him.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lSE7yrM8d6VS32wLBPTpHQ	My husband and I both come here and are very happy with Dr. Nili. Yes, there has always been a wait even with an appointment, but it's probably because he spends so much time with each patient. I never feel like I am being rushed. In fact he always makes sure there is nothing else I have questions about. Also, he seems to have more of a conservative approach to treating issues. He's not quick to prescribe meds and send you on your way. He genuinely wants to get to the root of a problem. To us, that's most important.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8rSrm1HCgm-bU8LsTGChrw	Dr. Nili is a wonderful physician who cares about his patients.  He is very observant and methodical and cares about patient's wellness immensely.  We trust and respect his judgment entirely.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fLIXrS5rvRs_2SnoxKxaqw	My Husband see him and he has always been wonderful. Even during off hours he calls you promptly and always take the time to listen and give clear directions during any situation. We are very happy that we have found this provider!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TaZU9xjsaCpKYirpriUYzg	I have had him as my doctor for over 8 years. In fact, I don't live in OC any more but still drive down from LA to see him. Great doctor, very caring, spends time with you and has a loyal clientelle.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BA7sy6jwhTTlUV5bA9E8hw	Dr. Nili is about to move from his office on Corporate Park and heading over near Sand Canyon. This is welcome news to me, as I live down south and drive about 20-30 minutes each way to see him. Having said that, I would drive to Texas to see him if I had to. His bedside manner, professionalism, intelligence, concern, staff, and ability to properly diagnose and treat symptoms make him, EASILY, the best doctor I've ever had in my 36yrs. Trying to go off of memory, I believe I've been going for approx. 6-8 years now and I expect to be a life-long patient. He is, without a doubt, what you hope and pray walks through the door with the white coat and stethoscope when you're waiting in the little room sick as a dog. An outstanding doctor and probably one of the better general medicine practitioners in OC as far as I'm concerned.....I honestly cannot say enough about the way patients are treated here. Special mention for his staff Liz (been there forever), Aida (a bit newer) and the 3rd girl whose name escapes me. They conduct themselves as you would expect working for such a great doctor and only add to the overall impression of his practice.	1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=3OvJuXUY3VAxxMOFpEVmsw	I met Dr. Breen through a colleague who was actively receiving care from Dr. Breen. I am writing this review after being a patient of Dr Breen's for six months. .I went to see Dr. Breen because I (a 33 yr old male) was feeling fatigued, losing muscle mass, gaining fat and irritable all the time. Doctor Breen ordered some lab work so I could be tested to see what was going on with me. I also was being tested by the VA around the same time for the same symptoms. The VA told me everything was fine and that there was nothing wrong with me. I went to my follow-up appointment with Dr. Breen where I was presented with a binder that had all of my lab results (explained with notes), a nutrition plan, and a personalized healthcare plan. Dr. Breen spent about two hours going over my results, ensuring I understood what each level meant. He also told me that I had to make some lifestyle changes to really improve my health. I left Dr. Breen's office that day with the knowledge of what was REALLY causing my problems and a solution for those problems. .Dr. Breen has made himself available via email and phone. I can call/text/email him directly if I need anything. I was impressed by this because most Doctors I have met are distant and unavailable. .So I have followed my healthcare plan as prescribed by Dr. Breen and I feel SO MUCH better already. I am not as tired, I have more energy when I get home to actually workout or do stuff around the house. My wife and co-workers have said that my mood is improved. .I plan to follow up with another review in a few months to see how things progress but I can say that I have never received such personalized care from any other doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=erO2A-LpcAX7kkgbzfJB-g	If you want to change your lifestyle (tired, bad eating, lethargic) and want the support of an amazing group of people then pick Dr. Breen and his staff.  The minute you walk in the door you are greeted by name by the front desk staff who are always so nice and helpful.  Dr. Breen is probably one of the most knowledgeable people I have met and when you talk to him you just get the feeling that he is looking out for you and your best interests, he covers every aspect for you from lifestyle, hormone imbalances, blood test results etc.  .Cat (Nutritionist) is amazing, I cant say enough about how positive she is, how she helps with everything (food guides, nutritional guides) and stands by you step by step in the process of making the lifestyle changes you need in order to feel better and have a healthy life.  Both the staff, Dr Breen and Cat are available at a moments notice and communicate immediately once you reach out..I would highly recommend this group to anyone.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uv4By2ec6SUQPfpeQtJDqQ	Dr Breen has a very specialized practice.  To get a doctor who thinks outside of the box and who is personally avalable to you 24/7 it can be expected to pay a little more. Also insurance fails to cover preventative and anti aging type of care. I am an RN and personally have been in dr breen's program and have had excellent results. I look and feel better and I am very thankful for doctors like Dr Breen. .If you're having issues with hormone balance or weight gain or really any type of health issue it would certainly be worth giving dr breen a try.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FvebbK97FRfYOQIiTXGzKQ	Update time again. .At a certain point, I suppose it becomes pointless to keep updating with 5 stars again, but I keep having favourable experiences to talk about. .Sometimes, when taking a medication, you have a personal experience that flatly contradicts the research about that medication. Something that the current model just flat-out says shouldn't happen. .Many physicians, being used to the high respect our culture affords them, react first and foremost to defend their own self-image, and will simply dismiss anyone who contradicts their expertise. .Once again, Sean ain't like that. .His response was to the tune of: "Hmmm, that's puzzling. I'll have to do some homework and look for cases like that, and consult my colleagues X and Y, who are very experienced in this specific area. In the meantime, we could try this or this or this... because obviously you can't just put up with that. That's no way to live.".Treating aging as a disease and trying to fight it is a new thing, medically speaking. While the medicine isn't quite experimental, it's still capable of surprising us occasionally. .Sean is not only willing to practice this sort of medicine, he is also an excellent listener, treats his clients with respect, and doesn't assume he already knows everything worth knowing. (This last may sound like faint praise, but, alas, it is a rare quality in the medical profession. ).Most important, he cares about his clients' quality of life, not just in a superficial show of professionalism, but as a deeply held priority. .Every aspect of his practice displays values and integrity.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XymWWxhtE0M4HT1BuPCjJw	I signed up with Dr. Breen when I was looking for a concierge doctor since I decided to put a higher priority on my health over my time.  I didn't consider anti-aging medicine in the equation but figured it was icing on the cake if I liked him - I figured we all get older..I initially went for two medical issues.  However, he diagnosed half dozen medical issues some related to aging and some not; most I was completely unaware even existed until he shined a light on the data in a way that I could understand.  None of the diagnosis were picked up my by primary doctor.  Dr. Breen is adept and has the stamina to figure out what is wrong and resolving it.  He's able to find connections between seemingly disparate phenomena..That said, Dr. Breen's empathy is what really intrigues me.  I sense he can quickly understand my feelings or situation and has a laser-focused way of helping me prioritize not only my body, but also my mind and soul..After being with Dr. Breen for 6 months now, l feel more youthful energy, health and happiness.  I consider myself blessed to have found him and concierge medicine.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Mom0a_3OKVSjSJnjyDCbdg	Let me start by saying I am a fitness fanatic so to speak.  BUT, even for someone like me, if your hormone and testosterone levels are not where they should be then it is a losing battle no matter how much dieting and exercising you do.  So after years of being an athlete, a personal trainer, practicing various mixed martial arts & boxing disciplines, plus lifting weights I figured there has to be something "off" inside of my body! Plus, I am turning 40 and wanted my body at it's optimal level!!!!.So I decided to start my quest.........After seeing several other professional's in this arena and not feeling satisfied with the results or process......... I was referred to Dr. Breen.  In my experience, none of the other Doctor's have offered the truly unique, professional, efficient, supportive, and results driven knowledgeable approach that Dr. Breen and his team have.  I am truly impressed and thankful I met him..In case your wondering about the results.........After extensive blood tests and adjusting my levels I feel energetic, am getting leaner & more ripped every single week, have less body fat, am more muscular, and overall feel GREAT!  I highly recommend Dr. Breen and his team!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c8CBwXrEqN3-rVHNgyR4nQ	Dr Breen and his team are amazing.  I'm only in my second month and my energy levels are the highest they've ever been without any caffeine and diet supplements I've take over the years.  Between the hormone replacement Dr. Breen has me on and the nutrition program Cat is helping me, with I feel great.  I'm changing a lifetime of bad choices and getting youthful and energized at the same time.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3-4WKeHMOnWVLLbnoJG8aw	I have been a patient of Dr. Breen for a few months now. I had been feeling lousy for the better part of the last three years. I was putting on weight despite working out at the gym and was feeling tired and unfocused most days. I run a small multi-state business and my professional life can be very hectic and stressful much of the time. I called Dr. Breen because I was tired of feeling tired all the time. I wanted to explore why I wasn't feeling better and wanted to get my energy levels back (and weight down) so that I could be a better father, spouse, and boss. .I did a lot of research prior to contacting Dr. Breen's office. I wanted to find a doctor that was qualified and had the expertise to discuss my unique medical issues. I also wanted to find a doctor that was passionate about what he or she does...Not someone going through the motions. Dr. Breen interested me because he seemed to have very progressive views and had a mindset that it was important to understand an individual and their whole story prior to treating them..I made an appointment and had blood panels completed. My first appointment was rough, only because I definitely have a phobia of the doctor's office. However, Dr. Breen could not have been nicer and more supportive. He spent a few hours with me discussing my blood test and getting to know me better. I was so accustomed to the traditional 5-10 minute doctor visits of my past, that this really surprised me. At any rate, before we finished up that day, I knew exactly what my issues were and what I needed to do to get healthier. There was no guess work, everything he stated was supported in my tests which I was provided a copy of. He developed a plan for me to get healthier which included diet, nutrition, supplements, exercise, and a prescription. .Fast forward two months later, and I have already taken 21 pounds of fat off my body and added 9 pounds of muscle. My energy levels have increased and I am starting to feel better again. .I'm very happy that I chose Dr. Breen as my doctor. I can't recommend him enough if you are in a similar situation.	4 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v7g8xGYQ3DyDeU-3cmGWcw	Thanks Dr. Breen for your response. I'm glad that you made it apparent to boast in writing regarding all your accomplishments and that you have helped many patients and clients over the years. That's wonderful that you are able to do that for them. .However, my review was based solely upon my experience bringing my father to your establishment. Maybe nobody has ever said anything negative towards you, but apparently my review has caused you to respond and react. .Thanks again for your service, and best of luck to your practice.	14 6 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-lzB_MJequ22cwVC-eQj7g	After months of research I went to see Dr. Breen. I am a type 1 diabetic who has been suffering from bloating, weight gain, and muscle aches. Let me note though I take good care of myself and eat well so it has been a medical mystery to me and other doctors.  Dr. Breen in our initial consultation took a substantial amount of time to listen and map out our plan of treatment. We have run tests (including DNA) and with a few small tweaks and help from Cat, CN.  My stomach pain has lessened and my weight is stabilizing. We still have some way to go but they are so attentive and caring to my health issue and work hard to assist me in my goal to wellness!  I highly recommend DR. Breen and his team to anyone who believes in wellness, looking for a new doctor, or has symptoms other doctors tend to brush off.  .I am sending my girlfriend to see him. She eats little and healthy and the weight won't shed off. I am confident Br. Breen can locate what's going on and help her through wellness. .George		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nXPIq3KKSFoR5m1FCHM5Fg	Dr. Breen ' s approach and medical advise is practical and life changing. I am seeing the results from Dr. Breen methods in how I feel and  look specifically, my energy levels and weight loss. Dr. Breen is a great listener and explains things in layman's terms. .Ďr. Breen ' s staff is courteous, responsive, and professional. First rate. .I highly recommend Dr. Breen and his team..Ed C.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w8e35a6TV7kMsUUdf8Vmfg	I went to see Dr. Breen for issues around low energy.  He ordered a very thorough set of blood tests for me, then spent 2 hours with me reviewing the results. I don't think I've ever had a  Doctor spend 2 hours with me in one appointment!!!  Thanks to him, I have some new information about what to eat and some good information about what I need to do to improve my overall health.  .Through the years, I've had low blood pressure, water retention and probably poor thyroid function that may have not been diagnosed.  I made diet choices I thought were healthy, that in fact, are not healthy for me.  I'll be giving up lots of foods loaded with " hidden" sugar & carbs, based on the Dr 's input..Now with Dr. Breen's help, I have some recommendations about how to fix things to improve my health.  He recommended a new diet for me, special supplements and new meds to help get me where I want to be.  It will involve hard work and discipline on my part to reach the goals, but Dr. Breen was very encouraging and supportive.  I am very glad I made the appointment and went to see him.  I look forward to working with him this year to make some positive changes.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xxIUpYo2L9-03ZYMfCJlEw	Dr. Breen has proven himself as a knowledgable resource in helping me to better understand how to maintain my body for optimal performance and well being.  Having worked with several different MD's, I highly recommend Dr. Breen as one of the most seasoned professionals in this field.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f3r5I2p0-121TAnEKtAilw	I have been a patient of Dr. Breen for 3 years. He is a doctor that listens, he's patient, he's a great health coach, he truly cares.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WVSTKwvUzBAOc-lI0RhLyQ	I have been a patient of Dr. Breen from about three months. In this time I've had the chance to see him both do his job of providing medical care and guidance with at a very high level of competence and with attention to detail. Not only do his job but provide the promised / implied action of follow-up contact and monitoring changes in patient condition. Not only Dr. Breen, but his staff has proven equally conscientious, business-like and professional. .I am very pleased to have been referred to Dr. Breen, and would (this is a rarity) willingly recommend him to others.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cxMNwwyhy_nSSgZIjgEOVw	I first met Dr Breen at a lecture on essential supplements.  Myself, a healthy middle aged male and physician,  I was glad to finally meet a doctor who would dedicate their time and energy to helping me optimize my body and health.  I have been a patient of Dr Breen for almost two years.  Dr Breen always impresses me on being up to date with current medical literature and he really knows the science behind his medical practice.  I highly recommend Dr Breen to anyone looking to optimize their health.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZC3XZGFD7L2DXc6HYARfeQ	I started seeing Dr. Breen in April, 2016 at the recommendation of a friend for whom Dr. Breen's treatment plan helped him overcome debilitating disc pain.   I am extremely thankful that I made the decision to see the doctor.  I learned (to my surprise) that while I'm healthy on the outside, my insides weren't so healthy - I had a low thyroid that I had no idea I had, my hormones were very low, my cortisol level was sky high and my body showed a high level of inflammation,  which makes the body susceptible to disease, including cancer. None of these issues were identified previously, even though I'm diligent about my healthcare and I have regular annual exams.   I'm grateful to Dr. Breen for identifying these issues before they became too serious (I was also a good candidate for a cardiac event and was headed down the road toward diabetes).  I'm now working with Dr. Breen and his nutritionist, Cat Arias, to restore my hormones to healthy levels and clean up my eating to improve my health.  I'm a sugar addict, so the healthy eating has been a challenge, but Dr. Breen and Cat have been going out of their way to help me overcome that challenge.  I would highly recommend Dr. Breen to anyone and everyone - just because you reach a certain age doesn't mean that you should expect to feel tired, gain weight, and lose muscle and bone mass.  Dr. Breen will help make sure your body is operating from a place of optimal health and that you are feeling your best so that you can enjoy the best quality of life possible.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xMMoEJm8UjXq0PRpEbZUYw	After 3 years of personal trainer and gym membership for my 18 year old son trying to lower his weight that was effecting him at school and sport activities we made an appointment to see Dr. Breen,  and this was a long drive for us, I have to say that was the best decision we could have ever made for our son, not only the staff is supper nice and helpful, but Dr.  Breen himself is an amazing person and extremely knowledgeable of how to diagnose and find a solution that works,  since then my son has dropped almost 30 pounds of fat and he as gained 10 pounds of pure muscle, he is lighter,  leaner,  he learned to respect his body and with their in house nutritionist and weekly skypping , he was able to control his eating habits and he is much healthier, this is a blessing for us because now he is entering the University world and he is going in with such confidence. .Well while I was there I decided to try their rejuvenation program for older people.. Can I just say if you are in your mid 40s you will do your self the biggest favor by trying this,  you will not be disappointed. .Thank you Dr. Breen	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JD3HHumOL5aJa_Ocq2B4rA	Doctor Breen is amazing. He has helped me with my thyroid issues, and honestly, I was falling apart. I had no idea that all of the issues I was having were related to my hormones. My regular doctors (and there had been several) had just put me on the wrong meds and I felt horrible. Dr. Breen listened to how I was feeling, not just the numbers on my chart. I stronly reccommend him to anyone. It was refreshing to find an honest doctor who was actually willing to help me..Dr. Breen is very professional, and I actually felt like I mattered to him.	10 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wTjZbRah_XsHBJvgQAGPIw	Thank you for your response Mr. breen, but I have to say that you are still not listening to what I was saying. The issue was not insurance. Again as I wrote in the review , it was the fact your staff did not readily disclose that the practice charges a monthly or yearly fee regardless of how often one might have an appointment and than charge for that appointment also. Since you were not on the call we will have to agree to disagree..Respectfully,	23 2 3	3.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=tfh0TviMeM6zcTOu1eVF4Q	I am a 33 year old mom of a toddler. I run a company and lift regularly in the gym. When I went in to see doctor Breen I was at a low point. My glands in my neck swelled regularly, I wasn't sleeping well and my mood was very down. Dr Breen ordered a ton of labs which were ready in a much shorter amount of time than any other doctor in the past. When I went into his office for the consultation he explained things in great detail and made sure I was comfortable and clear on my path for treatment. .Just a few weeks later I have a ton more energy in and out of the gym. My head is clearer again and I am running my company with more calm and decisiveness. My marriage is what I wanted it to be because now I'm contributing more to it. Everyone has bad days now and again but now I have much fewer and many good days that I enjoy. I would recommend doctor Breen to anyone feeling sluggish or in need of a doctor who listens and values patients.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4g4SsO7RB_SINnOeaeq_Mg	Dr Sean Breen is by far the most professional Doctor in the industry. He truly cares about his patients and isn't writing a rec to just anyone with a pulse. (very different from most). Great guy with a genuine desire to help others. His background just makes you feel like you are in the best hands. .His staff is GREAT and very accommodating.	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WM4F_oTn0K4iS36bmyBCow	I have had the pleasure to work with the doctor and his staff for going on two years. The follow up, professionalism and responsiveness has been stellar. I travel and have a very demanding schedule and he is very accommodating. His staff follows up as I ask and do what they say they will do. I had a billing mix up once on an order I placed and the doctor didn't hesitate to reverse it and make it right. .The doctor works to see things from the patients perspective and more specifically mine. He knows what it is like to be busy, raise a family, and run a business. He is a business owner running his medical practice and practicing medicine. He isn't a slave to the insurance companies so he gets to get to know patients and take care of people the way they should be. .I would strongly recommend Dr Breen to anyone that is looking for this kind of diligence in the care they seek from their medical professional. He cares about his patients, he goes above and beyond and I know I can count on him for all my medical needs.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-O0xA_qWbHfMr9LmhQRCDw	I have been seeing Dr. Breen for a year now and this has been the best decision I have ever made for my overall health! After years of misdiagnosis, Dr. Breen has helped me turn my health around from an autoimmune disease. I feel like a different person from a year ago. After going over all my initial bloodwork, I started a nutrition plan along with suppliments to manage my issuses. Dr. Breen and his amazing staff were always there for me when I had questions. I could schedule an in person appointment or phone call any time. It was worth every penny to get my health back on track and for everything they taught me to go forward with my new healthy lifestyle in the future.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jEMvuTR6oQDAF6PnZWyyAA	5 Stars for Dr. Breen, more importantly 5 Stars for the way i feel! i'm a man in his late forties, who was always tired, no metabolism, and fighting my weight!  after meeting with Dr. Breen this last year i have lost 20 plus pounds (keeping them off) sleeping much better, with more energy. the professionalism with which he and his staff treat me, and the plan that he has me on is outstanding. i feel like i have a very clear understand of what is going on with my body and a clear path to change. thank you Dr. Breen.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FMVueRZ6ygttTkUsTxvKtw	Dr. Breen gave me my life back.  I'd been feeling like a zombie for five years, ever since I returned from my combat deployments to Iraq.  Dr. Breen immediately recognized my severely depressed testosterone levels during my consultation and the lab results confirmed this.  My body was completely broken down and my energy levels were non-existent.  I had a very low libido and was sad/depressed daily.  I now have regained my libido and am much more cheerful everyday.  I now have a postive outlook on life - before I felt I had no hope.  Having been an elite athlete and losing my confidence and muscle was devastating to me.  Dr. Breen helped at the drop of a dime, no smoke and mirrors.  The VA NEVER helped me with this problem, eventhough I had expressed concern for YEARS.  Dr. Breen even helped me with the financial costs of his program, knowing that I've been struggling with PTSD and work and that I don't have a lot of money.  In a world of sham artists, Dr. Breen is the REAL DEAL.    .Thank you Dr. Breen - I can't thank you enough.	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kDBj25CzdvimO6S06wKTrw	I have always been a healthy and active person but never pushed myself to be my personal best.  I began training in the gym seriously and was unhappy with the way that I felt.  I did not have very much energy and was having trouble understanding why.   I am thankful I found Dr. Breen!  Dr. Breen invested a good bit of time learning about me and my goals and put me on track to feeling my personal best.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kBFmpGu4m59EwFDEudsmKA	After extensively researching all of the bioidentical hormone doctors in Orange County and even outside, I came upon Dr. Breen's website and was hoping he would live up to what he seemed. He has far exceeded my hopes to find not just a bioidentical doctor, but a doctor in general who has the expertise, wisdom, applied practice, and research-based methods. After working with multiple doctors in trying to determine my hormonal balance, I was disappointed to find very few who looked at the whole picture versus using memorized facts on very limited aspects of my imbalance. Dr. Breen not only knows the latest research-based hormone information but is able to synthesize and apply the knowledge in a very specialized manner to my needs. I am a 33-year-old female who went from feeling exhausted, down, sluggish, brain fog, (to name a few), to feeling the best I have felt in years with Dr. Breen's help. And an added bonus is the wonderful office staff they have, both professionally and relationally. I have since recommended Dr. Breen to multiple friends and family.	6	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HHXG0AdRxhjYUq37jdULeQ	Yes, very professional.  We felt like our health was important to him.  In addition, he provided us with helpful information for total body health.	3 1	4.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=eljGviNc24ozRCNus5WfxQ	I'm the kind of person that does not like to go to the doctor at all! Having Tamara O'Nan as my doctor makes it so much easier and more pleasurable to go! She is one in a million!! In fact, I drive 20 minutes just to get to her because I liked her so much when she was only 3 minutes from me!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w6DQ5I-PO90xzFmJNnQkJw	Very informative and helpful.  Tamara took the time to explain everything and I would highly recommend her to anyone I know.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O4g9TxlG9rcAhvgcIsns-w	Alison is professional and courteous and always explains what she is doing and why.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qFxfejXThz-lH21VjACT0w	Alison Omel, PA-C is very kind and patient.  She is a good listener and she is quick to follow up on anything that isn't quite right.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qcpyQ8qAi-qzp4bfS74LmA	Dr. Fishbein was able to fit me in his busy schedule it's rare nowadays to find an office like that, they'll work with your schedule to meet your needs. The office is very clean, they have automated log in and very attentive staff. They have convenient location and tons of parking.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2JHe6_ycOTr4g3PBQ0XH2Q	Tamara explained things completely, listened to and answered all of my questions, and gave me alternatives from which to choose.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iITohMgusYIpP1yl6QaPiw	Dr. Fishbein is always very attentive.  He talks to you, and actively listens.  You are not lectured or 'talked down to'.  He ensures that you have the information and any medication that you may need, before leaving the office. I like that they have an automated log in system.  The entire staff is very attentive and friendly.  It says a lot that the staff does not change every 6 months.  Highly recommended!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T3LKf3C7w8q8lERBFLX4gg	I recently decided to change doctors as my previous doctor and office made it so very difficult to make routine appointments and to make matters worse, I was always treated as a number and a number should always get in line and wait. Never was there an urgency to address my questions etc..Today I found a new doctor and office and I am very very happy. The staff was extremely friendly, they went out of the way to make me feel important and they even have all the online tools to supplement my experience so that I can get the primary care I feel I deserve..Doctor David Bunten is awesome. I'm no spring chicken and I've been through plenty of doctors to know better to worse and Dr Bunten is one of the BEST! !! He took the time to ask the right questions and provided me with answers to all my questions. Never felt rushed and I felt very welcomed..I left this office feeling good about my experience and that's important.	3 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TPyoGE6TtKGUkOW5E7aghw	Tamara is the best doctor I've ever had. She is extremely compassionate and will go out of her way to accommodate her patients.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=75WG3lBQvs0kgSASCv-nNQ	Tamara O'Nan is one of the best medical providers I have EVER had.  She is competent, knowledgeable, and she makes you feel like she really cares about you as a patient.  She explains things very well and she is very professional.  At the same time, she is very pleasant and personable.  Tamara is phenomenal.  She has an excellent bedside manner and makes the patient feel very comfortable during the exam.  She spends a lot of time with the patient and she is very thorough.  Absolutely top notch!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=suTqwHCL7L4823mAh3aq9g	A note of gratitude toward P.A. Mrs. Tamara O'Nan ~.Tamara's pleasant, empathetic demeanor is sensational.  Her ability to diagnosis, provide thorough follow-through and feedback is simply perfection.  .Related to health issues I depend on her 100%!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Fyj9u1IefvzFAaMGed4pEw	I have had nothing but great experiences at this office. Tamra is amazing. She takes her time and listens to you and she has a great energy. And, everyone else I've seen is great as well. Another benefit is the people at the front desk have always been polite. I would recommend to anyone.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lY5YcnsC8LgJEZMjiay97Q	Tamara is friendly, appears understanding of my opinions and is not pushy at all; very pleasant.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rBxL-OHssOmoUwOBdBWSTQ	Tamara was so sweet and awesome. I saw her yesterday because of my anxiety that has gotten worse over the past couple of months. She was very welcoming and understanding and she knew exactly where I was coming from. She was so honest and helpful and it was nice talking to someone who understood me and what I was dealing with. She gave me so many solutions of things I can do. I told her I did not want to go the medical route so she gave me a list of therapists I could see and a list of other things I could do. She also didn't rush to prescribe medication for me because she knew I didn't want that. She was understanding and put medicine as the last option. I was really comfortable talking to her because she was so comforting and welcoming. I really appreciate her for spending so much time with me and not making me feel rushed. She is caring, understanding, and one of the sweetest people i've seen. I HIGHLY recommend her. Thank you Tamara for everything!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_7MvmK9mB9w6iafcFygSdA	Tamara O'Nan is wonderful!  She takes her time at every appointment and really get to know her patients. She never makes me feel rushed and it's very thorough. I highly recommend Ms. O'NAN.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=USsOvqOiqB4xYwJkUiPFEg	Tamara O'nan makes me feel very comfortable.  She is very thorough and asks me all the right questions.  She makes seeing a doctor a pleasant experience no matter what you're in for.  I recommend Tamara 100%.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1zOfL5JIDIF_k8zw35Vc4A	You guys are always quick to see me also your prices for visits are not too expensive( I'm a cash patient) I've been seeing Alison for a while now and I'm very happy .		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yGWIPnCIXJSmt7KYXQ-JcQ	The Family Care Centers (4950 Barranca Pkwy, Suite 103, Irvine, CA 92604) is small clinic but they charge like a big hospital. .On my last annual checkup, my bill jumped 100% and when I asked the reason, the doctor said he addressed two questions/issues other than the preventative exam..It appears their standard policy is to charge for any questions asked during the preventative checkup. Be sure to double check your statement after your visit.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gqbt0opcp6Qp4lDO4naqlg	Dr. Peter Monfore has been my family care physician, since I was a child. He saved my life as a child by telling my mother to take me to the hospital, because with his assessment and expertise he believed I had appendicitis. If he hadn't told my mother to take me that day, the surgeon said my appendix would have burst. He has taken care of me ever since. :) He has a keen sense of judgement; he uses discretion, and he has the most genuine bedside manner. .As an adult I still go to see him when I am ill; although I can't choose him as my primary care physician, because he works in the Urgent Care. He is the most compassionate doctor I have ever had. I have the utmost respect for his honesty and medical intuition, and I trust him with my life. I wouldn't be alive today if it weren't for him.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ntvRg4-v2J1E5bGscdG_ZA	my mom and I we had good experience with them and the staff they were nice and professional and warm, also we had visit with Joan Boughey DNP BC ,she was amazing ,very professional and very nice person  ..we thank you all		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=1B4UAI3aSSyzeV7LJhfb7w	Dr. Bunten was not able to see me for a deep splinter in my hand, so his PA - Allison - was able to help me.  She felt the splinter couldn't be removed in the exam room, so she referred me to Dr. Ip at Hoag Orthopedic.  Due to the splinter, I had to get a tetunus shot and the nurse there was so patient administering the shot as I nervously awaited.  I didn't even feel it!  Woohoo!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vQ13838Y0MVTkPTcezkEbQ	Dr. Monfore and staff were very patient and attentive to my senior mother.  My mother had fallen and arrived bloody and in need of stitches.  They saved me a trip to ER, as it happened around 7pm.  They immediately tended to her, cleaned her up and kept her comfortable.   Everyone treated her with dignity.  Dr. Monfore spent a lot of time with her.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bEYwnAt0KTLthJHBHlqv6w	Dr Ronald Young is a 'top notch doc.'  I've been using his services for the usual stuff for a couple of years and I really like his demeanor, obvious concern for each patient, and friendly advice that will help improve my health (IF I follow it!  ;-).A Good palce to go IMO.	11 10 10	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E374c916Pbcqfs9Ye9Trmw	Dr. Monfore is decent, no problems with my visit. BUT this review is about HOW they conduct their business. If you want them to ruin your credit score? this is the place. If you want them to send you bills in the mail every week? done and done. if you want them to make your life a living hell? perfect spot. .I have excellent PPO insurance which covers everything and they simply felt like not billing it and sending me the bill instead even though they take my insurance and my insurance pays handsomely. After calling my insurance to ask why they had not paid, my insurance informed me they had never received the bill. This was a month after my visit. .A month later, bills again. I call and ask if they had billed my insurance and Family Care Center said they had been denied. I call my insurance, still no claim for that date of service. No claim means impossible to deny. Family Care Center then said, ok we'll bill "again". This happened 3 more times. .Meanwhile my car insurance bumped up my rate because my credit score reflected an "unpaid medical bill". .It has been 5 months since my visit and when i called Family Care Center to get the situation resolved and was told there was nothing they could do and i would have to talk to a representative. I expressed that if this didn't get resolved today and if they didn't call me back right away, i would report them to the Better Business Bureau. Family Care Center then told me that it was impossible and HUNG UP ON ME. .So much for the Hippocratic Oath.	6 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UQDiUIj4A3zy1MDF6TiKEw	I must first start out to say that Dr. Young and Dr. Goodfellow are top notch doctors and I hate to write a bad review about their practice but the main problem is the front desk staff.  They are unfriendly, unhelpful and borderline incompetent.  Every time you call, no matter what time of day they put you on hold for at least 10 minutes. The kicker was the last time we were there my wife needed a prescription and they recommended we use the pharmacy "next door". The woman acted like it was painful to tell me where the pharmacy was located and we had to find it on our own.  After we arrived at the pharmacy and waited there for 15 minutes we found that they failed to send the prescription and were out to lunch for an hour and a half.  No we are at home 15 miles away with no prescription.  Terrible customer service.  Also they try to charge me a co-pay every time when my insurance doesn't have one.	5 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ooLgZgUoLG58-_T1zESmxg	I try to be sparing with my 5s, but am really struggled to figure out why not to offer a 5 here.  My end reason was that they abide my insurance company's rules, which isn't their fault but is annoying.  Front staff is delightful and helpful.  Both their Physician Assistants and their Physicians are awesome.  Great family doctors if you live in Irvine.		4.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=RODejg145BzCKb6d56_wLQ	Retire? Doctor Younis better not retire! I've been going to him for 91/2 years ever since he literally saved my life. It's awful nice to have a place where you can call Jenny at the front desk when you're sick and she does everything she can to get you in to see the doctor the same day. And it's great to have a doctor who knows everything about you and takes personal interest in you. Besides he is much too young to retire, he has at least another 20 years!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gMN35RjJWdwNCf6PlqTj1w	If you need antibiotics, bloodwork, or a referral forget coming here. Since my Former Dr went concierge there is no one like him. I had to beg for bloodwork and a referral. Got some vague results back and going to a specialist. I have been in severe pain in my joints and they can't write any prescriptions for any of the symptoms. Agter this I can say I would never recommend this Dr. Not compassionate at all.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v9jUsPYosx6XeRNbNYFG6w	Great doctor, great hard working staff. Rare to have both. This Doctor has a great sense of humor and is on his game. He knows his stuff and does not waste your time nor keeps you waiting for extended period of time. Nice environment and just happy people with smiles on their faces all the time. If the problem is not his specialty he will give you a referral on the spot and his great staff will do the rest in less than a couple of hours. They have done referrals for me that I thought took weeks to get. Nope only hours with this office very attentive and very informative. You get in and you get out. Another re feral from ATG....:)	2 2 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mgFMztF4sJTiS4NcnN0hkg	I came here a few weeks ago for my annual physical and saw Kirsten, who is one of Dr. Younis's PA's. She has a great demeanor, was very thorough in her examination, and patiently answered all of my questions and concerns. .As part of my physical, I was asked to do some blood work with a local laboratory. Dr. Younis's office called me once the results had arrived to go over the results. I was surprised to have received the call, as I expected it would be necessary for me to follow up with them (particularly given how my last visit to Dr. Younis's office went). .In any case, I was very happy with the service and attention provided by Kirsten that I did not hesitate to revise my prior review..Tip: when paying for your co-pay, please note that they only accept cash or check (no credit cards).	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ypm9IB9iZkwY71FKkYeLkg	Located on the corner of Barranca and Culver in the Mimi's Cafe plaza.  Dr. Younis is great - everytime I've called he's been able to squeeze me into his schedule the day of!  He is friendly, and asks about your life and shares a bit about his too so he is personable and easy to talk to..When I asked to take a urine test to check some things, he immediately warned me that it's pricey and if I don't really need it, to wait until I have insurance.  I like that he doesn't try to throw all these tests and other suggestions at you - unlike some other doctors I've had in the past.  I'm always wary about doctors because they upcharge for stupid reasons and some practices are super shady, but Dr. Younis seems very upfront and honest..The only reason I can't give this place a 5 star review is because they only take Cash or Check, so make sure you bring your checkbook with you!!  I wish they had charge, it would make my life so much easier.  One time I didn't have enough cash or a check on hand, so they made an exception and allowed me to mail in the payment.  Still, it's a big hassle.	7 3 4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=42wvwxNw89DwiZnHTxe9Ew	I called to leave a message for the office and an answering service picked up.  She asked for my name and I gave it.  She asked for my date of birth.  I said, why is that necessary.  She said she was instructed to do so.  I said, maybe I will just give you an incorrect dob and she said, you will have to call on Monday.  I asked for her name and she said, my name is Joy and the doctor knows me very, very well.  She said it in an arrogant way, probably her way of telling me that I can't get her her trouble even if I complain.   Why would I have to give my personal information, including a dob for a simple message specially if they do not offer an option for me to leave a voice message.  I think Joy, the answering service staff, needs to find another line of work if she gets defensive and arrogant in dealing with customers.  Both Dr. Younis and Kirsten do a great job serving their customers but if they allow Joy, the answering service staff to be the facade of their office when they are closed, it's probably a bad decision.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eGyip-rklkqXxSwe83TkOA	Dr. Younis is one of the last dew doctors out there in private practice that practices medicine by actually seeing his patients. He has an incredible bed side manner and I cannot say enough about the adduce staff!! From the moment you walk in the gorgeously decorated office ( and I mean from top to bottom, marble floors and custom lighting) you get the feeling that you are amongst individuals that know and care about what they are doing. Very professional and efficient. Thank you for being amazing!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=H2Scya0wCVqECMtnd79kiQ	Beware new patients:.Whoever does the billing here did not send in appropriate paperwork to my insurance and thus, I was billed directly. My insurance sent me a copy of the letter requesting information from the doctor's office and included a note that no further action was required by me..I guess it was my fault for not taking action, but clearly someone didn't do their job here.	8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gTCc-5uLJ_RTK_hV6x_bsg	After reading some of these reviews on this site, I felt obligated to respond.  I can't help but feel some of these individuals are simply bitter.  I have had nothing but the best care at Dr. Younis' office.  Dr. Younis is no nonsense and the most personable doctor you have ever met.  He listens to your concerns and is the best diagnostician there is in Orange County.  He has been voted the Top Internal Medicine doctors by St. Joesph Hospital multiple times.  They run a very busy office because they are one of the best.  I rarely wait too long for my appointments and all of my concerns are always addressed.  The staff is accommodating in getting me scheduled quickly.  One of the reviews I read, mentions he had missed appointments on multiple occasions.  It's difficult to run an office smoothly when patients are inconsiderate for everyone's time. I highly recommend this office.  I can't say enough about the staff.  Kirsten Fick, Physician Assistant, is also amazing and caring.  Together, Dr. Younis and Kirsten make an excellent medical team and I trust them with my entire family's health.  Stay healthy everyone!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Jv4qhumzS4BBEJ2rpxM60A	I have only been here twice. The staff is extremely kind, however, I did not find that they were thorough. I needed some blood work done as a routine check-up but they missed two tests specific to me based on my health history. I had to specifically request them on my next visit. This caused my visits more expensive than they should have been.	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=z-NvFeSNghkQD4NT7b3o8A	First of all, the missing star is for having to wait an hour and a half after calling and scheduling a same-day appointment. Those can be pretty hit-or-miss..I went to Dr Younis as a recent transplant to Irvine. I had no medical insurance at the time, and would not be covered for another week, so I had to find someone who would take me. I called at 11 am asking for an appointment in the afternoon, and they were able to give me a 2:30 pm appointment. When I got there, I ended up having to wait an hour and 20 minutes due to some unforeseen craziness that I didn't quite understand. .I was in a lot of pain, so the waiting was pretty unpleasant, but Dr Younis himself was excellent. He took time to listen to my complaints and came up with a plan that, while it meant I was really sick, was still clear and considered the fact that I had no insurance. He is very personable and caring, and is quite good. Highly recommend him.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ktHCrVXEtCZC_Qr-LQVh0g	I am leaving Dr. Younis's practice. After being a patient for many years here, I find that I am treated as nothing but an appointment to Samy. I went in for a regular appointment to get my prescriptions refilled and brought in all my presecriptions that I needed (which he prescribed). Dr. Younis said no problem after my physical. Dr. Younis missed one and when I contacted the office letting them know that they missed it, they wanted me to come back in and pay for another appointment. Second time this has happened in the last two years and that in my book is not  a Dr. that I want. Why do I want to come back a second time and sit in the waiting room for an additional 15 minutes because he made a mistake. Not too mention that I have to pay for the appointment. No thank you. There are more patient friendly doctors out there.	7 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Fh5-HNtvFnuWvpF69Ajkig	I've been going to Dr. Samy for about 10 years now. Seems as I get older I see him more often....The office is very professional, I've never had a billing problem like some of the complainers,er reviewers below. The waiting times are always short (for a Dr. appointment). .As for Dr. Samy, he's a good doctor, very caring and will take his time with you. Last visit was for a reaction to a bad chiro adjustment I had. After some few tests, he sat down & spent quite a bit of time with me talking about his thoughts & experiences (both pro & con) on adjustments. I felt like I always do when I see him, that I'm a patient that he values and  cares about. .Is there really much else you want in a doctor?	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OoGB9uDF2b25WgyXcYjpVQ	HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  Staff is courteous, friendly, caring, thorough.  Dr. Younis & his PA, Kirsten are very Knowledgeable & Patient and take the time to discuss your concerns and their evaluations.  I need to add additional praise for Kirsten - She is AMAZING!  I could add several adjectives but know people want the bottom line - AMAZING.  Do NOT HESITATE to be seen by her. I have been a patient for many years, have referred friends, was referred by a family member - All have been treated very well and continue with Dr. Younis.  For those with complaints, I can only say that everyone has an off day - I just hope you don't let that tarnish the reputation of a Doctor/office that has proven themselves very worthy to thousands of patients. And, possibly, just maybe - you were having the "off" day - it is possible.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=C3twfDCf2hcTrVaTiVbPcQ	I visited Dr. Younis' office today, and I just want to say that the staff is excellent!  From Jenni and the front desk, to Jess who took my stats and reason for visit, to Kristen the PA - all were very professional, efficient, and friendly.  Keep up the great work!  They know how to make someone feel good (your health and well being is in great care) even though your health is at issue.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5lyQQy4A4xBqpSK4Q-PRDg	I have been a patient of Dr. Younis for many years. Both my adult children are patients of his also, as is my sister. My elderly parents recently moved here and I take them to Dr. Younis. He is a kind and compassionate man. He treats the "whole person", not just the symptoms. All his staff know us personally and whenever I call if I have an urgent matter I am able to get an appointment right away. They are a very busy office, but always make you feel important and welcome. Kirsten Fick, the PA is also wonderful. She really listens to you, takes her time and is friendly. I am completely satisfied with the care and service I receive from Dr. Younis and his staff and recommend him to everyone.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c5vx371V7MF871fEXwqrFA	I went to Dr. Younis for the first time because he was assigned to me by Medi-cal.  I wasn't expecting much.  From the moment I walked in all my doubts disappeared.  Right off the bat the receptionist Jenni greeted me and had everything prepared for me to fill out (I always dread all that new patient paperwork!) She also got right on the phone with Medi-cal to straighten out a couple of insurance issues for me! That gesture alone was a life saver for me (i hate dealing with that stuff). .Once the requisite paperwork was done I was called in with no wait! WOW!  The nurses were all very welcoming to me smiling and saying hello as they passed. .As for Dr Youis, he was genuinely interested in me and my medical history, and let me tell you I have chronic issues that need constant attention.  He was great in suggesting a specialist and explaining everything to me..If Dr. Youis is part of your medical plan don't hesitate to go to him!	4 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jWrmHSH5ttjosFfFIrT-eA	I have been going to this great Dr many years. My mom had him  and I loved his wonderful beside manners  and knowledge of problems. I switched to him and glad I did . This dr really cares about his patients and what happens to them his Pa  Kristen is just as caring. Office staff is great and friendly. I highly recommend.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jb6cw7q-1uanm4SAyfZr6g	an amazing doctor.  he's the best doctor i have ever had.  .my twin brother and i trust him with our lives!!!!  he takes his time to diagnose you with the utmost respect and care..if Yelp had 10 stars, he'd get all 10.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8r43P_LTeU-AXk_RuAi5-w	Please beware their business office is very unorganized, they lost my medical record and they  act like nothing happen or its not their fault, i'm shocked...... I walked in to Dr Younis demanding an explanation on why they never responded to my previews faxed and signed request to forward my medical records to my new doctor, all they said " we're sorry we cant find your records" I demanded to talk to the manager (Yolanda, Dr Younis's Wife, no knowing that at the time) when she showed up she told me that my records were purged and she needs a bit of time to get them ready, but 5 days later my new doctor was told that they were lost, so i guess Yolanda was laying to me. i will have no other choice but to seek a legal action about the Dr and his staff.	1	1.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=l9cWYWzeomhMbX1od866Sg	My family and I have been seeing Dr Younis for the past 20+ years!! He is like family! I couldn't imagine seeing a different doctor! He and his staff are so caring, so friendly! So accommodating! So if you're  in the market and are not satisfied with the one you have! I highly highly recommend you contacting them! I love you all at Dr. Younis' office!.Love,.Kim	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jkWInYyYnqwmJiDBlqGpww	I have received a call from Dr Younis regarding my Labs results and everything was perfect, my A1C is trending down from 12.9, now its 8.2.  I followed everything what Dr Younis instructed me to do and followed his recommended medication regimen.  I was 218 lbs and now I am 165lbs.  Since my last post ( 10/16/2015), I have never been this healthy for many years.  I have read some negative reviews about him, like " he talks too much " or "he never listens". To those people,  maybe you need to stop for a minute and listen to him, rather than insisting what you think is right, maybe you people will learn something.  .As what I have said before and will say it again, He is not just a good MD, but a human being who truly cares for his patients..One more, when I enter his office, I feel welcome and everybody gives you a smile.  I love the way Jennie, greets me "  Hi Sweetie ".  She make feel like a human being, not like a number..Thank you Dr Younis for everything you do for me and my family. If I live to be 90 to enjoy my life with my family, I owe that to you.. Louie	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ucCLtkXuDqjjN7gjjiOWBw	Younis Samy A, MD.Overall .5 Stars.Gold medal- Efficient.Silver medal - Informational.Bronze medal - Great Service.So far so good!  I am not sure about the other bad reviews here on Yelp, but I went in today for a full check up and it went great..I requested a female doctor and saw Kirsten Fick the PA.  When I arrived there was NO wait!  Unlike some of the other doctors offices where I had waited 1 hr+ in the past due to over booking, Samy's office had NO wait!  I was in and out in 35 minutes..Kirsten was very informational.  She answered all my questions and concerns.  She requested extra tests to insure that I was healthy.  She was very professional and nice. Kirsten answered my billing concerns.  I could not of asked for a better examine..Great service from the receptionist to the examine..HAPPY EXAMINING!!	5 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Y-AH5LNlzMd1mu7fUDDNAQ	My husband and I have both seen Dr. Younis and the PA and the past and are decent. But the office staff needs to get their act together. .Here is what made my husband and I leave their practice:.1)I called the office 9am the day after Labor Day and inquired whether the office has the MMR vaccine. I was placed on hold for 5 minutes and the receptionist says they dont have it and to go to a pharmacy. I called Walgreens and they charge $99 for it. I was just going to go that route, but I figured, I have insurance...why am I paying out of pocket for something that should be a covered preventative benefit? So, knowing I have an HMO I thought maybe if the Dr. called in the prescription for the MMR vaccine, then the insurance may cover it. After many minutes waiting on hold and a whole day later, I found out that the office magically does carry the MMR. So someone clearly is giving misinformation in the office, which at that point I begin to question the competence of the office staff. I was corresponding with Jenny on Day 2 and told me she will call my insurance company and promised to call me back my 6pm. GUESS WHAT??? NO CALL!!!! By Day 3, I was just down right upset. Why does it take 3 days for an office to figure out whether they have and whether I can get a vaccine that I KNOW IS COVERED by my insurance? The last conversation I had was with Jenny who promised me that she will call me back in 10 minutes and get me an answer...and guess what? NO RETURN CALL. Surpise, surpise. When you tell someone you will call them and dont, that is considered lying and you lose customers trust, which is exactly what happened..2)I made 8 calls over the course of 3 days to follow-up on this issue, and the bottom line was that I never got a solid answer as to whether the MMR could be administered here or not. That was the last straw and called my insurance company and changed PCPs. .3)They only take cash.4)Jenny (one of the receptionists) refers to everyone as "sweetie" and "honey". Now she may think this is a term of endearment and is providing excellent customer service by being nice and fuzzy, but quite frankly as a mother, wife and a PhD graduate, I find this VERY condescening, inappropriate and unprofessional.	11 6 3	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XFivmy7ONFItUhJ7fNp-rw	Dr. Younis has been my doctor for a long time,I stayed with him despite long hours of travel because he has a good bedside manner. He is very thorough with his assessment and always on top of my medical needs. His office is very nice, quiet and relaxing environment. Staffs are very accommodating, nice and restpectful. You will get a follow up call regarding laboratory results right away and office waiting time is short and at times you will be seen right away. Dr. Younis is like a family,he even recommended a good pediatrician for my kids. He is the best! Highly recommended.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=h47LjOMDid2DliUUnPMnzw	Love the office, love the staff and really love Dr Younis. I have never had to wait long once. Im in the office and get an appointment very quickly. I am sending my family and friends to him as well. Staff is so friendly and helpful, they treat you like you are family not just a patient. If I had to wait a long time to see him it would be worth it. He is very very thorough and really listens to everything you tell him. Been waiting a long time for a Dr like this.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TQhfvccGNaDf6KqsmsOTrg	Dr Younis has been our family doctor for the past 20 years and we couldn't be happier. This is a doctor, and staff, that care about your health and more importantly who you are. He has always been there no matter what. We've NEVER had an issue getting appointments and he and his staff have always been helpful. Dr Younis was there when I had to have spinal surgery and recommended the best spinal surgeon. He was there for my girls. I can't say enough about him and his staff. Kirsten too is extremely helpful as are, Telia, Tess and Ginnie. They are all top notch!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3r2RSmheWTQ_La0WYOfYTg	I've been a patient of Dr. Younis for about 15 years. They've been there for me when I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer and then five years later when I had breast cancer. Each time, I got IMMEDIATE referrals and was with a specialist by the next business day. Kirsten, the PA is amazing and I'm always happy to see her when Dr. Younis hasn't got any open appointments. She really knows her stuff..They have a "back line" for medication refills - which is nice so you don't have to leave a message with the front desk..I can usually get a same-day appointment if I'm sick. I do have to plan in advance for a physical (usually two to three weeks out)..Hat tip to Tessa (the best MA ever) and to Jenni (who's the most personable receptionist ever). .If you're sick you want Dr. Younis and his team in your corner. :)	3 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1Zd7UDkwsiJU8eAMoUrGWg	I love this office. It is very easy to set up an appointment and the wait time is not long. The office staff is exceptionally friendly! Monica is very helpful on the phone and Jenni is just the sweetest person, incredibly helpful and really cares about the patients. She is extremely personable and you can tell everyone who comes into the office loves her. She's very accommodating. I always see Kirsten and she is fantastic! I feel very comfortable in this office and I'm very happy my friend referred me.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wL2d1k6uXqKvAF8WzUZn_Q	FYI: They do not take credit cards. Why is this important? Because some of us fiscally savvy people use FSA credit cards. .Since I found this Dr by reading Yelp reviews I thought I would write one myself. I want to share my experience so that other yelpers have and honest assessment of this Dr. .I just started with him but the jury is out on this Dr. As you know insurance penalizes primary care HMO Dr's for referring Pt's out to specialist. You really have to twist this guys arm to get a referral. I have bad asthma, allergies and nasal polyps. He put me on some of my asthma meds. He flat out refused to give me other meds I was on before. I asked to see an Ear Nose and Throat for my nasal polyps and he flat denied that I had nasal polyps and refused to refer me. He flat told me I did not need an asthma specialist and that I did not have nasal polyps. I called back and asked for the referral again and they told me I did not have asthma...lol. Then I said, "why are you giving me asthma meds?". Finally they consented to referring me to an asthma Dr. .My new asthma Dr said I'm in the top 5% of worst patients he has seen. During the initial consultation he also told me I had bad nasal polyps and would refer me to an ENT. .The implications are scary. Dr Younis either is lying to me in an attempt to keep from referring me and make more money or he couldn't see and diagnose what was painfully obvious to other Dr's. .Also, I'm in the sun a lot and wanted to see a Derm. Once again, no can do. .My Fiance broke out in some crazy rash over her entire body. She asked to see a Derm and was told no. They prescribed steroids. They told her they did not know what was wrong with her and refused to give a diagnoses. She had to take a day off work and after calling and pestering them for a couple days they sent her to a Derm who fixed her up. .His answer to everything is diet and exercise. I have a decent diet. I was going to him to improve my health and not just keep it baseline or worse.  .On the plus side, He has great staff and a cool aquarium in the lobby..I will keep updating this but we are already thinking about moving on to a better Dr. :-/	9	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9PxrOJGrxakPFWomJ9hpHA	Dr. Younis and his P.A. Kristen Fick are the best general practitioners I could ask for!  I was referred to their office about 2 years ago and I feel very fortunate to have them. I can always get an appt when I need one. If it's urgent they squeeze me in. Blood work upon request is easy to get.  They do not over medicate and have filled me in on natural options to try first prior to taking the prescribed medicine. Everyone from the front desk, nurses and obviously Dr. Younis and Ms. Fick have been a blessing.  I'd highly recommend them!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=z9N-uR-x6-XD9Oe6f0Kbnw	Younis is probably due for retirement. He doesn't listen to you, just keeps talking about issues irrelevant to why you are there. The whole time he was just trying to sell me on some medical device that was $500 and " no insurance will cover it". You will walk away feeling like your health concerns were not really addressed. When I tried to express that I didn't feel like Younis was listening to me he told me "we are the best in St. Joseph hospital ok if you don't like it don't come here anymore"  and even the phone receptionists have been threatening to drop me as a client because over the course of a year I missed 2 appointments. This office is bizarre. His physician assistant Kirsten is awesome if you can get in to see her instead. I really want Kirsten to be my PP but I can't deal with Younis or this office.	3 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5jqyQRECvfiN7r-jE_92_g	Dr. Younis has been my primary doctor for the last 15 years. He always listens to my concerns regarding my medical issues. Dr. Younis and his staff are always on top of everything. They will call for updates and results. He is one of the best doctor in OC, he was awarded Doctor of Excellence  by the Orange County Medical Association.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cGMjj9fUQpVphdyMR28jwg	I felt the need to update my previous review from last Feb. .This week I needed to see a specialist.  My insurance company threw every technicality at the girls in the office to make it a complete nightmare for me. Jenny (or Jenni not sure how she spells it) and Katy took care of business and made me feel completely at ease with a less than desirable situation.  They both seemed to have the best personality to deal with someone like me (I have a temper and I get worked up easily). Jenny was so sweet and nice to me that I had no choice but to calm down and let her take care of my situation... and she and Katy did just that. Problem solved by the end of the day. My last doctors office was horrible and on top of the ridiculous wait times, It also seemed like I was asking for their 1st born just to get them to call in a prescription to my pharmacy. All of Dr. Younis's staff is a stark contrast to what I have experienced prior. .Honestly, I am shocked to see the 4/25/14 comment about "Jenni" being "snippy" or "rude".  Like I said, I am high maintenance sometimes and not to be messed with when I'm upset.  No offense to the rest of the staff or Dr. Younis himself (they are all great)... but Jenny is most likely a huge contribution to Dr. Younis's office, and Why I suspect it runs as smoothly as it does..Don't believe everything negative about anyone on Yelp...  it says a lot about someone when they take that much time and effort to post something either good or bad.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WawV1Eui5L-i8CThtGehHg	Personable, check. Friendly, check. Funny, check. Smart, check. Good at his job, check. Photographic memory, check. Decorated with countless awards for his services provided, check. If you have a medical need, dr younis will be your best bet to get the right tests and medications ordered. He's been working a long time and knows what he's doing.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ae9QN-zeShabd8ZaN30x6A	I have been going to Dr. Younis for two years now, he is the BEST doctor, he is always happy and always finds the way to make you feel good, also a good practice needs a good staff too, and he has it! Jenni, Tess, Thalia, Monick are all great ladies with big hearts. I am truly lucky to have him as my Doctor. My husband and I love Dr. Younis and all his staff.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=haIr3F-phZB234HU0-mKCw	I would have given a 5 star rating... BUT...  It's hit or miss to be honest.. but it was one incident that had me find a new dr.  I've seen both Doctors numerous times.  They are great if you need to see a doctor ASAP.  .The incident that had me change my tune?  I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Fisk months ago.  The day before I get a call to confirm (which kind of shocked me because no one usually confirmed my appoiment before-I've been going over 5 years) When this receptionist (who is usally very nice) called me and left a message and said "You are the first one Kristen is seeing so you need to give us a call to confirm" I thought.. ok.  It's the day before and I was out of town and there was no way i was going to make that appointment.  I called them back she answered and I let her know I was going to have to cancel.  The reaction I got stunned me!  She said "WHAT?  YOU ARE HER FIRST APPOINTMENT?"  I said "I'm sorry but I need to cancel" She said in a pissed off voice-"WHY?"  I said "I'm out of town" She said "FINE! GOODBYE!"  I said "WHOA!  Wait, I don't like to feel like it's my fault that I had to cancel.  Yes, I have too but I'm out of town.  I'm sorry"  To this she said " Well, when you made your appointment how were we to know you were going to be out of town?!"  Number one-It's none of their business why I could not be in but for god's sake I was out of town and I was giving them 24 hour notice.  I asked for her name and said I didn't appreciate it and that I would be calling back to reschedule IF I decided too.  I have found a new Dr. and I wish the front reception desk would re-think the way they react to such a thing.  I though it was not a professional way to handel someone who could not make an appointment and I know it was because I was the first one.  I'm certain I was not the only person who could not make a first appointment and I am shocked at the reaction I got..Needless to say, both Doctors here are pretty good.  This is all because of the way the staff (receptionist ) reacted to a cancelation of an appoinment.  If she was having a bad day then fine.  But in no way should anyone be treated that way.  So see ya! I've got a new Dr now!	10	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Y5w9Bg_MOCUTKxRSi7_EEg	Dr Younis is extremely knowledgable and has the best bedside manner. He was tentative to my needs and I am grateful to have him as my doctor.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tJUZ5_LC5zy8pbiiusFgBg	I've been here 3 times. I decided to find a doctor on my own while I'm here for school and I found this office via yelp. I've had appointments with both Dr. Younis and Kristen. .I took off one star because your wait is a hit or miss. I've had almost hour long waits and some have been 5 min. Also, I had this issue where I needed a health form signed and I had to call the office several times to check up on the status of the paperwork. This was frustrating considering I let them know I needed the form as soon as it could be signed, and even though I had received a call confirming that all my tests came back normal, I still had to call the office back on 2 different days to ask about it.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-6aFG-n_DSux-5CNO76FAg	I been a patient of Dr. Younis and Kirsten Fick PA for 5 years. I see Kirsten mostly and absolute love her. I came in for an appointment yesterday for some upper back pain well I actually walked in for the appointment and jenny and katie receptionist  were very understanding and garbed my chart to fit me in the schedule which i was very grateful for since i was in lots on pain. The wait was not long since i was a walk-in. I got to see Kirsten she is very personable and pleasant absolutely the best!! When I was walking out of the office they offered to call in my medication in, and i spoke to Thalia I believe she handles most of the Medication and she called my medication in to my pharmacy so i wouldn't have to wait at the pharmacy which is awesome. i absolute love this office and its always a smile to greet you and a laugh to share! 3 thumbs up!!	1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=23_DfS0ojdNS-MFGF_SjsQ	as i get older there are a few things i realize about the world we live in and about myself.  i call this "getting wiser"...some fancy name, huh?.one thing for sure is, like any machine, older body gets weaker and breaks down easily.  with my non existing dietary plan and work out regime, i get sick more often than ever and the regular over the counter medicines no longer cure my sickness..another thing is nothing on tv is remotely true.  there's no such doctors as mcdreamy and mcsteamy.  the best i could find was dr. mccaring, which is my doctor younis.  i always call in for the same day appointment and somehow, the receptionist magically squeezes me in (i do make myself sound worse than i actually am).  i never have to wait longer than 5 minutes to see dr. maccaring once i am at his office.  dr. maccaring starts his examination with caring words and shows genuine concern for my wellness.  he also remembers the most trivial things about his patients and tries to unnerve them by chatting up.  .yes, sometimes, the reality is better than the fake tv world.  however, if there is a dr. mcdreamy and mcsteamy outside of grey's anatomy, i am willing to let go of my dr. mccaring.  i told you that i am in that "getting wiser" stage of my life.	3 17 3	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=FMHOAaoGjEiyNB8YmeoloA	I walked in on a Wednesday around 3 pm, there was no one in the waiting room so I was seen right away, and I've been to other urgent cares where there was 2 other patients in front of me but I waited 2 hours to be seen. So maybe I just got lucky, but I would definitely come back here. Everyone was super nice and friendly, especially Dr Nora (can't recall her last name). I feel like she really took the time to listen to my concerns and explore every option she could to help me with my congestion and cough.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tBzrIwlf80KPb4DbuD5UTw	I was greeted by a very friendly front desk staff. My paperwork was efficiently processed. The Nurse Practitioner was professional, thorough, and friendly. She took her time to assess me and listen to my concerns. I was in and out within a half hour. I give Hoag Urgent Care my highest recommendation. Outstanding service and care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tiP7bzSqHv4eyqK1_GFHfg	Will never go anywhere else for urgent care. The facility is bright, clean and welcoming. Tons of staff working all aspects, from the front desks to nurses. I went in on a holiday and it was empty. They took a thorough health history and were genuinely concerned for how I was feeling. Within 10 minutes of arrival I saw a doctor who did a full exam. .Having had terrible experiences at other urgent cares, this was a totally different experience. They were fantastic!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RJrfr2s07g4uVRcfwwGpmg	The nurse at the front was very kind. But the doctor that should've been there on time, when they open, gets negative stars. I had a bad allergic reaction to an airborne allergy and have a certain amount of time to get help because my emergency inhaler raises my heart rate and only helps for 20 minutes per puff. Luckily after driving another fucking 20 minutes, I made it to the hospital after being turned away from this place. I get in trouble for being late at my less important job than the one where people save lives. Bullshit.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MwvSh6jU1VCnt-VnIkKbRA	Visited twice in two weeks and these guys were fantastic. Two separate issues. Treated individually, with care and attention to detail. I felt cared for and listened to.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ULQl2ayFeMAiE1JoWlgtKQ	This place has been recently opened and everything is new and clean..I got called in by this very arrogant male nurse. No greeting, no answering to my greeting, robotically asked few questions and when I dared giving a too long answer he interrupted rather irritated. I turned a little sarcastic, said I thought that would be important information but I apologize if I am boring him too much, then he gave me a forced smile and left with no word. .I understand Whole Foods is right next door and the snobbish arrogance might be catching, but, dude! Save it for when you go out in a club and want to impress your girlfriend with how macho you are. If you decided to get a job and work with people, learn some professional courtesy! .The doctor was nice, friendly and efficient, which confirms again that no matter how much intelligent people try to put quality out there, it's the small, frustrated ones that ruin it for other people and  make things unpleasant.	3 2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=npy7hob0BaCcmXpfcHq5Yw	I went to this location because the urgent care I usually go to did not open until 10 am. Love that this new urgent care opens at 8 am. The entire staff was so very welcoming, and the receptionist started checking me in a few minutes prior to her actual start time. Nurse Sarah was extremely helpful and easy to talk to about my ailments. Doctor Cindy is amazingly attentive, thoughtful and bright. This location will be my "go to" whenever possible.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NZRcwbMS_Xas94z8uWGGuA	Great front desk staff! The medical assistant and nurse practitioner that helped us were very kind, professional and had a great bedside manner.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f9r0f8jEf3yM6JALsPMwIQ	It was one long wait. Receptionists were rude. Never saw a doctor, they only staff this place with PAs and Nurse Practioners.  Also, the rates were extremely high, can't believe Hoag can continue to get away with ripping people off like this. I will never go back.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w78vx2B0wrfBccUowl_Q5A	2 stars for cleanliness. waited in room for over an hour. the guy doing xrays, which by the way is in a different building was sleeping at the desk and yelled at girl escorting us over for not calling him first. Did i mention we were the only patients. If you have nothing to do for 2 plus hours come here. Otherwise stay away.	1 2	2.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=dnLjSGNWNl8tTn3Ubyw-dg	I stared seeing Dr Kinaly for weight loss and an update on my hormone evaluations.  I was very impressed by her office and her team she has in place.They are warm, caring and friendly.  My initial consultation was very thorough and we discussed tests to really get to the root of my challenges.  Over the past two months I have learned so much about my nutritional deficiencies( of which there were many!). My IV nutrition sessions as well as my weekly visits have made a huge difference in how I feel. Having lost 11 lbs and over 17 inches is a wonderful start. I know I have a long way to go but I am confident that with Dr Kinaly 's determination to find solutions and her support I will reach my goals of optimal health.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9DaSAqE4DQgaVQf3EJVAxQ	Dr. Kinaly is a doctor that actually cares & gets to the root of the problem versus masking it w/ medication. She promotes a healthy lifestyle & educates her patients. She takes the time to understand you & is genuinely concerned. The fact that she's integrative & progressive allows her to properly diagnose the issue. She takes the "whole-person approach." She treats the individual, not just the disease or illness. I underwent a blood test & she was able to determine my deficiencies & correct it..Since I started using her supplements recommendations, I rarely become sick & have more energy. .Her new Irvine office is not like any other medical clinic I have been to. It is beautiful & very comfortable. Blood draws... No sweat. She has large comfortable individual lazy boy recliners w/ tv's to distract you. Oh & she offers IV therapy. I recommend asking her about this prior to traveling.	18	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8qg5M76IFpiOSj7YY-n1mQ	I am so relieved that I found Dr Kinaly!!!! I have been searching for a primary care doc for years and never enjoyed the process of getting my annual physical. This experience was completely different! The office is beautifully decorated, relaxing, and warm and inviting. I am so happy I will never have to look elsewhere!! .I am an athlete on a plant-based diet and make the effort to be as healthy as possible, so it is important for me to know if I am deficient in any vitamins or minerals. They don't do the basic blood test here, but a comprehensive panel that checks for literally everything - the report is 17 pages! Dr Kinaly was so thorough and spent so much time with me, answering all my questions as we went over my blood work. She is very sweet, knowledgeable, and compassionate, and she went above and beyond to make sure I had all the answers I needed!  It was such a relief to know the results and areas where I could alter my diet or add supplements..Anthony was quick and gentle when taking my blood sample and he is also super knowledgeable!! He explained the vitamins I needed, and even helped me to find a plant-based Omega 3 supplement, which was a huge relief since there is no way I was going to take fish oil pills again! All of their supplements are the purest quality which is also important to me because you never know what you're actually getting on Amazon! .I can say that I am actually excited to come back to check my blood work again, and to see the improvements after adding the vitamins! I'm also excited to feel my best while balancing my hectic work schedule and intense physical workouts!!  In the future, I'm going to come back for B12 shots and an IV drip if I feel like I need a boost to my immune system!  I will highly recommend Dr Kinaly to all of my friends and family, and you cannot put a price tag on excellent care when it comes to your health! Thank you Dr Kinaly & team!!!	29	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gwK7hyb5fMXJMRjw-_ejMw	Dr Kinaly has helped me So much. With my energy and my digestive system. She is so knowledgeable of the entire body. I highly recommend her. Ive also lost 25 lbs getting heathier without even trying. Whats most important in a sea of uncaring doctors she really cares.	7	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KQ5IBg6u9o1BVOtBMP7ogQ	Every Dr. I went to prior to Dr. Kinaly wanted to give me a pill to fix my symptoms, not find the underlying cause of my pain and discomfort. Dr. Kinaly is different, not only does she want to see her patients pain and symptom free, she won't stop searching and helping until she finds them relief as well as the root issue. Her amazing staff headed up by Anthony is so kind, knowledgable, and beyond helpful. I was sick for quite some time and within the first month of seeing Dr. Kinaly (and because of their knowledge and cutting edge technology) within 3 months I felt like the old me, symptom free and happy! Thank you to Dr. Kinaly and team- they are a Godsend!	23 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4JU0kRmsKfGkiTiKjRLY1w	Dr. Mae Kinaly is truly a compassionate, caring and knowledgeable doctor.  She is committed to the health and well-being of her patient's and I feel very fortunate to be in her care.  Every time I visit her beautiful office, I am treated with such concern and kindness by her staff, when you are ill, this is truly appreciated.  Dr. Kinaly leads by example, as her caring way about her is so evident.  Truly, a professional, open and progressive healing environment.  I sincerely.recommend her to my family and friends..Warm regards, AnnaRosa Cerolini-Verrue	20	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WUeG0mGwiIXa-2zKqwjLzg	I had been having fatigue and fibromyalgia for several years and my current Dr was unable to find the cause of all this. My daughter in law recommended I come see Dr Kinaly, who in a short time discovered I had an autoimmune condition. Without her compassion and care, it would have not been discovered and I would not be feeling as well as I am today. Office environment and staff are equally as compassionate. I highly recommend this Dr and office to anyone in need of a thorough and compassionate Dr.	32	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Zm1kZULPe8pcviEaGbXpHA	There are no words to describe someone so awesome!  Let me just summarize by saying, Dr. Kinaly is a Godsend and an answer to prayer in my life. Her loving/caring attitude make one feel they are with a dear friend and her beautiful office is like visiting in a home..Dr. Kinaly is always abreast of the very latest innovations and her integrative practice goes far beyond what the typical internist offers..Bless you Dr. Kinaly for all you do for others!	31	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VhNnsb80sdomauTy2ol_bA	Doctor Kinaly is the most amazing Doctor our family has ever been to. My son is on the autism spectrum and suffers from much anxiety, with her help he now is able to concentrate in school, is more socially aware and is able to make friends easily. Thank you Doctor for all you do  The Gee family	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nSmzjzhKU-E8lGM4bCF54A	Doctor Kinaly is the most caring and knowledgable doctor I have ever been to. She takes the time to find the root of the problem by talking to you and extensively reading your blood work. When I came to her, I was suffering from severe autoimmune symptoms. Since treatment with doctor Kinaly I haven't had ANY symptoms. She gave me my life back! Forever grateful!!!	48	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cr0_CnnL7C2a2kIgLATQbg	Dr.Kinaly is truly a very kind and wonderful doctor. I'm glad there are doctors out there that still care deeply for their patients the way Dr.Kinaly does :)	25	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L2rrDDVEaKPTG8IDq5yF6Q	Dr. Kinaly, Words cannot describe what Dr. Kinaly has done. My daughter is now doing 1000% better in school, focus is very good, reading, math, and writing has improved! My daughter's confidence has soared because of the intervetnions prescribed by Dr. Kinaly. If you have a kid that is diagnosed with ADD, dyslexia give Dr. Kinaly a try and follow everything she states to the letter. It has been 6 months but we are now seeing that following all of her medical advice to the letter has helped my daughter and now we are beginnning to see her blossom and grow. Thank you, Dr. Kinaly	28	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6G1RyGUisbluE7KHJkY3XA	After 7 months and visiting over 10 doctors searching for answers, Dr. Mae Kinaly diagnosed and treated my 18-year-old daughter for PANS and saved her life. My daughter is now a freshman thriving at a University. We will be forever grateful.	30 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E60qGBIGQJJgo2EXoaCghg	We've been going to Dr. Kinaly for almost two years now and it's made a tremendous difference in my son's processing issues.  He has better memory and comprehension with his schoolwork.  He is able to stay on task and focus.  Not only did he get all A's this past Spring but he got into the Distinguished Scholars Program for High School next year.  That says something for a kid with a learning disability!  I believe this is in no small part to the treatment and care he has been getting with Dr. Kinaly!	33	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gLEQIXUd4LfLoVCw61SI1Q	Dr Kinaly is not your ordinary MD. She is proactive in keeping you well. I could never go back to a pill pusher who only looks at symptoms. Dr. Kinaly searches for the cause and works until she gets to the bottom of the issue. Her office visits are not 5 minutes, here take this and goodbye! She is beyond thorough. She is always investigating the latest findings. She references recent articles for you to read for yourself. She gets to know her patients like doctors of old used to do. Her staff is a WOW too. The office environment is especially welcoming and professional without smelling like a Dr. office. I am a generally healthy person but I know I have the right person looking out for me to keep me that way!	20	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E86IIotNNza38MwdS_3dSA	If you are looking for a doctor that is your "partner" in healthcare and not a pill pusher then you should book that appointment with Dr. Kinaly. My husband and I are on a journey with Dr. Kinaly right now to try to uncover the mystery that is our son's health. After a long process with multiple doctors we have finally found someone that is looking at the root of the problem, to address the real health issues vs. masking it with pills that ultimately do NOTHING to fix the situation. Dr. Kinaly is thorough, looks at all possibilities and doesn't give up. She is caring and genuinely concerned about my son's well being. In one month we've identified all sorts of issues that she's helping us to resolve with natural supplements and alternative methods. We have our son off of the poisonous pills that were making him worse and now have a plan that we're working through together with Dr. Kinaly. Her staff is great as well...always works to get us in and is helpful, friendly and professional. I highly recommend Dr. Kinaly and her team.	15 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ru0-Uc-wnDenXaE15WEXMw	Love this office, the staff, and Dr. Kinaly.  It's not often you find a doctor who actually takes time to get to know her patients and truly cares about there well being. Dr Kinaly goes above and beyond and her staff is amazing!!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T4KTrmho70XlWMwUaR8a3w	I have been going to Dr. Kinaly for many years now, in fact, at 3 different locations.  Let me start by saying that I love Dr. Kinaly, but I never felt the same about the staff that worked in the other offices.  She has moved to a new location in Irvine, which is wonderful.  You don't have to pay for parking anymore, and there is no more waiting, which was always a problem in the past.  Her new staff members are very helpful, especially Marlene.  I went for my annual exam, and even though I was there for a while, the time just flew by.  As unpleasant as some of the things can be during a doctor's visit, I had my best visit so far at the new location.  It is definitely worth the drive.	52	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3Os3GB5Ljavr0GCji2eEqg	Dr. Kinaly is the most caring doctor I have ever visited. She will take her TIME with you, something that is completely unheard of these days. She is very very thorough, and she will get to the bottom of things! I highly recommend her, even if you have to wait a bit to see her. You will have your chance with her and she will give you the most careful examination. I highly recommend her. She is very thorough in figuring out problems for which other doctors have no answer.	49	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nKJJFjuLeZ5WPSLsbhtKxA	I'm going to write this review while I'm waiting. It has been one hour and five minutes since I signed in. I recommend signing in and listing your cell number then leaving and go about your business and have them text when they are ready. It will be at least an hour. I arrived ten minutes early. I can't not finish this appointment or i will receive a $50 missed appointment bill. I've gotten one before. So the point is you really have to like her to abide this.  Now one hour 15 minutes. Time management needs work in this office. I'm sure she is losing patients. She is a nice doc and very competent but few can afford this kind of a wait each and every time.  It's a matter of balance. Is the wait worth it?  Will it get longer each time?  Do others experience this too. Does she just not like me and is sending me a message.  Questions. Questions. Now one hour Thirty minutes geez	9 15 1	2.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=egB7KQXvAF7B5vGom_ZYHQ	I love the office and the staff is VERY friendly.  It's a very warm and inviting office.  Dr. Kinaly is very attentive, thorough, and observant.  She took her time with me and it was refreshing to have a doctor treat you like a patient rather than a number.  It's more than obvious this doctor loves her profession and people and truly cares about you.	44	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r_Xl6IwpbVF85b-YgIt1WA	Dr. Kinaly is a great doctor, she is kind and compassionate, and provides excellent care.  I first went to Dr. Kinaly on a recommendation from a dermatologist when I first moved to the area. I found Dr. Kinaly to be a great internal medicine doctor who took the time to listen, ask questions that few other doctors take the time for anymore, and has good hours (works late some nights).  I continue to see her because she is one of the few doctors  who really tries to make you an educated participant in your care which is what I think all doctors should strive to do, and she takes her time with you and really listens.	49	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hkS8DvraR-UUeh6TU6iPQA	You have to wait a long time past your appointment to see her. Then you realize why. She spends a lot of time with you but a lot of it is chit-chatting while others are waiting and she wont stop. Like other doctors, she doesn't check whether insurance covers her tests or not. On several occasions, she charged me twice for a visit. On other occasions, she ordered tests that insurance didn't accept because she couldn't justify it. She also charged me for several ultrasounds whereas only one was done. It took months and many phone calls before they admitted their error. She smiles and she is kind but she wont write a sick letter when I couldn't fly. Her office won't return calls. We stopped going to her and switched our doctor.	10 9 1	1.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=5S6bQhtl8QGkwexX4l2wPg	I can't say enough about this doctor, he is amazing! I am my grandmother's caregiver and with her cancer history we have been to countless doctors and specialists over the years. She had a well known primary doctor for several years but when booking an appointment with him became a huge hassle I opted to look for a new primary doctor for her. As I stated, she's not an easy patient to take on due to her age, 87, and her extensive medical history (cancer 3 times, stroke, etc etc) however Dr. Ohri did not shy away. He's treated her with respect, dignity and has been very proactive about finding a solution to whatever medical issues come up. It's quick to get an appointment with him and he's extremely thorough each visit.  One thing I've really admired is the fact that he's very responsive via email or phone in case urgent medical matters arise. I cannot say enough good things about him and I thank him for being a great doctor to my grandmother!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7_xVVEti-Paa4U3kvRYVww	My office visits with Dr. Ohri has been great!  Dr. Ohri listened carefully to description of my issues and my concerns and offered his prognosis to the point with prescriptions and referral to specialist for further treatment.  Also very appreciative of every nurses and office personnel.  They were very courteous and professional.		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=a-rCROxDgBMXb0cgSGOrkg	I was a new patient arrived at 3:00 pm. My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I saw Dr. Ohri at 3:33 pm. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. Dr. Ohri was very professional and direct to the point. He was genuinely caring and knows his practice well. The facility was very clean and quiet. I would recommended this office.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fuFc-0ShuEV85rzySTPsuw	This doctors staff is absolutely the rudest women I have ever encountered in a doctors office. The two women at the front counter were very rude and spoke with a lot of attitude. When I asked a simple question to make sure I was in the right office, the receptionist replied demeaningly as if I were not a commitment person. They were extremely unprofessional and so rude when dealing with my insurance information that I walked out. I work in the medical field and would not recommend this office to anyone.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=R4S7M-4yzfISpITp9Qcb0g	Dr. Ohri is great! He is on time, takes his time with his patients. I was impressed because he also gives some practical holistic options in addition to meds. Glad I found him. He is also my Father's Dr. as my dad has dementia.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iSLiUGB_5XXORoxde57siQ	Dr. Ohri has been 1 of the best PCP's i have had in a long time. Honest and tells you what you need to know, not what he thinks you want to hear. Tajes his time to explain everything and listens to you as well. He is well worth the opportunity to be your pcp as well.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RLI8m4m5SR2TzmlqfmSA6A	Dr. Ohri is wonderful. He really cares about his patients,  listens to your concerns and is proactive in your treatment. Highly recommended family practice doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Mx-bwPvyd-SzgGgC_cRBxw	Had a wonderful experience with Dr. Ohri, he is compassionate and very informative in telling the patient what they need or what can help them. He gave us time to ask questions and the visit didn't feel rushed. Right away he give information on teaching and education on disease and what we can do to better our health, we will definitely continue to come back. Thank you Dr. Ohri.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RuwoiexA_5y2tw4_o14OBA	I went to see Dr.Ohri amd I was very pleased with him.   He understood my needs he went over my medical condition and therefore prescribed the medication that was needed.  The office staff is grate! Good customer service.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Usdj-XwI4bDmdccRRLDlzA	I normally don't leave reviews, but I felt compelled to do so after my visit with Dr. Ohri. Hopefully I can help someone that has just moved to the area like myself, and is in search of a great PCP. During my visit the first thing I noticed about Dr. Ohri is how informative and patient he was. He took the time to listen to my issues and then thoroughly explained to me the plan of care. Being in the medical field myself, I really appreciated that. I didn't feel as if I was being rushed out of the door at all he genuinely cared. I definitely recommend Dr. Ohri for anyone looking for a great PCP!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dgLPeUGBB0_apGbVszR-zQ	Dr Ohri is a fine Family practice MD. My parents absolutely trust Dr. Ohri's assessment, medical knowledge and diagnosis skills. .On the soft skills side, Dr. Ohri is calm, composed, always wears a smile and the wait is less than 20 minutes to see the physician. .Bedside skills: 5 on 5 .Thoroughness: 5 on 5.Follow up: 5 on 5.Office staff and their competence: 5 on 5.MD proficiency: 6 on 5.We trust Dr: Ohri to take care of our parents and I highly recommend him for all of your family needs..He is the best in the Corona area, where we've lived for over 10 years now and tried almost every family medicine doctor.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gPCmtqgEb26-MYo6ouNn9A	First time at office and very nervous about a new problem. Dr oh right listened to my concerns. Reassured me and gave me great options to fit my lifestyle . Staff was pleasant and kind. Office is nice and spacious. Patient flow was pretty good too. I am very happy with the care and advise I was given. Highly recommend!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FNKZZx9ONXLeLghDY-Yusw	Very pleasant experience with Dr. Ohri. He is caring yet professional, makes me feel comfortable and listen patiently to every concern I brought up with him. I don't feel rushed at all and he had addressed all my concerns. Definitely recommended!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RFblpdQGzZ2Y7kyuF91WVA	I've seen Dr Ohri twice and both times have been completely happy with his care. He asks all the right questions and listens to I say. I was surprised he remembered our conversation from my previous visit. It was nice because he asked follow up questions about my prior treatments to make sure they worked. I would recommend him.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tld026xrcuI0Fd8wI1B7ZQ	Seen Dr. Ohri a few times now and my experience has always been pleasant! Dr. Ohri and staff are very courteous and professional! I appreciate the time Dr Ohri takes to listen and address all my concerns and educate me on how I can better my health. Thank you Dr Ohri and staff for helping me get back on track to a healthier me!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qe8qCErfPr60bqvccxIksA	Horrible office and terrible staff. No respect for patients. You can hear the office staff chatting and laughing. Very unprofessional. The doctor seems ok but his staff ruins it. I have now waited 5 days for a perscription and now it is the weekend. I left 3 messages because they never answer the phone and no one has called me back. So now I go the weekend without my needed medication. Thank goodness I have found a new doctor	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gi987Lu6hsqlo_xinq7AgQ	Dr. Ohri Sameer, is one of the best Doctor around !!! I would ask  anyone around  to go to he's office the staff is so wonderful I just love that place!!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lFQdYNiHg2GW32T5T5Ps4g	Dr. Ohri gives his time and excellent care. He has a friendly helpful office staff! We are really glad to have found him. Jennie and John LeGros		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TPvdy3v26UjVhCCuST6qIw	Dr. Ohri is extremely knowledgeable about everything I have asked him about. He also has never rushed me out of the exam room, and he always spends time making sure I understand everything. He is very intensive to make sure I have all the tools I need to conquer my health. I highly recommend him.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-hPpbHEfyNRDbdaf-67cMg	I have never found a doctor who could communicate with me very well. Dr. Ohri educates me about my health, but he also listens to me. I appreciate having a doctor I can talk with now. He even calls me personally to give me test results. His demeanor is friendly and accessible. It looks like I've found my doctor now, someone I who can provide my medical care for years to come. This will be the first time I felt like I found the right doctor for me.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_hlV6jmgtHtEf3qaIKw9Gg	Doctor Ohri has been my primary for some time now and he is extremely knowledgeable on my conditions. His care for the patient really shows. It is a plus that he also offers holistic advice for treatments of common conditions. The staff is excellent and friendly. The chairs in the waiting room could be better but it is normally not a long wait. I highly recommend doctor Ohri.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=S7gJSK1XkYjDDxYy3tBLFA	Very great service. Doctor was very nice and made sure I was comfortable with everything and with him being a male gynecologist.	1	4.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=aq2dZOE7_q8Wov_fdyZYmw	I have to give three stars...many due to the front office staff....absolutely incompetent when it comes to handling appointments and  phone calls.....just today I had called all day...the phone rang rang and rang.....listening to the recording so much I could memorize it.....still no one picked the phone up.......I finally drove down to the office  at 415pm to see if any was working.....I arrived to see the office operating when I asked about anyone answering the phones today I got we've had 200 calls today...we can't get to them all....this was the last straw...the office staff since Dr. Scott left have been the worst.....no sense of what business they are in...its not Target they work in a doctor's office.....this is people health and well being......as far as Dr. J goes....she doesn't work on Mondays...you try to schedule another day...oh she's not coming in on that day.....its like an act of God to get in there.....from the front desk ability to handle calls and appointments to the Dr's schedule.....I'm done......I called the head offices of Optum Inc to file a complaint.......Id give my right arm for Dr. Scott to come back and front office staff of heres aswell......on to find another GP..	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZbugiWXUY7Oqa_Ew8rJaZA	I recently started seeing Dr. Jahroumi about 6 months ago. Dr. Jahroumi is very thorough and caring. As a patient, I feel as though she sincerely cares about me and my health. Dr. Jahroumi is very nice and always takes the time to explain everything to me and makes sure she's provided excellent service. Finding a good doctor is often very difficult, and I'm glad that I've found one I can trust for a long time. I would highly recommend Dr. Jahroumi as anyone's doctor; in fact, I'm recommending her to my girlfriend and one of my friends.	7 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=csieZG4T3Gr2lFJXx0-OCQ	Dr. Jahroumi is the doctor everyone wishes they could have.  I recently became extremely ill and her expertise and dedication to me as her patient kept me from being hospitalized.  Her intelligence is only rivaled by her compassion.  Through every step of my recovery, she kept me informed and thoroughly reviewed test results, even calling during her vacation to check on me and explain my latest results.  She truly embodies the very best of healthcare and is a model doctor.  I cannot recommend her enough!	10 7	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f-3KGELW8ql0UwOExJQ9qA	I tried to get an appointment with Dr. Jahroumi for me and my husband. We would be new patients, and I understand that sometimes there is a wait, but over two months? No, no thanks. The lady on the phone kept telling me that she didn't take new CalOptima... and I kept telling her we do not have CalOptima. She knew nothing about insurance. I then asked if he could see a nurse practitioner so he could get his prescription filled and she told me that they didn't have nurse practitioners. I told her that I would changing my primary care physician and telling my family who already goes there to change. I wish I could have at least met the doctor. It looks like the staff is preventing the doctor from being able to see more patients with their horrible manners and lack of knowledge when it comes to insurance.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NupkEAdi8MZyVhB4EKWCQQ	Dr. Jahroumi is wonderful. I established with her recently, and it had been years since I'd been to a doctor for anything. Her office got me right in, even for a physical, and she was so patient going through all my issues with me. She advocates for her patients like no doctor I've ever met, and I work in the medical field, so I've been around many! I have recommended her to friends and family, and they've been thrilled with her as well.	7 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rE5W9Npv1JFKfn9VaGE6DA	Just a quick note to acknowledge Dr. Firoozeh "Rose" Jahroumi for the calm she brings to the room when treating me. She is a wealth of knowledge and shares that knowledge in an easy to understand, compassionate fashion all the while listening to me as though I'm the only patient she has! I value that kind of attentiveness and personal treatment in my medical personnel and I'm lucky to have found her!.If you're looking for a personal or family physician anywhere near the Irvine area, look no further!	9 7	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bZcyG_Z9nIkKHusiS3m0qA	Dr. Jahroumi was super nice and professional.  She listened to all of my concerns as a patient.  She was very nice and comforting.  Made me feel like I was talking to a friend.  She is non-judgmental.  She is just great.  I can't say enough good stuff.	7 6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MdyyYpopwCE0omrZatCDMw	Dr. Jahroumi bedside manner was excellent, I was in critical pain and not feeling well. She listened and evaluated me. She wrote a couple of RX for my diagnosis and ordered a CT scan to confirm her diagnosis. Once the CT scan report was read she spent a considerable amount of time going over the results on the telephone..This was my first time seeing Dr. Jahroumi during a Urgent Care visit. I am very pleased with her care and follow up.	11 7	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bC8nttuv5iGSLL1J6ONF4w	Dr. Jahroumi (Dr. Rose) is the best physician I've ever had, hands down!  She is so caring, knowledgeable and thorough.  It's so difficult finding a good doctor, and forget about finding a GREAT doctor.  I'm thrilled and feel very lucky!  The office is so clean and organized.  And a shout out to the staff in her office - You Rock!!  Thank you.	7 6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5wgu8mLzwpWX0xkfHMDxHA	I was a patient of Emilee Scott at this iodine who sadly left the office so I was assigned to Dr. Jahroumi. My first visit to get to know her since she was going to be my new doctor she looked over past notes by Dr. Scott. So guess one of the notes stated that I didn't care for Dr. Jahroumi when I saw her when Dr. Scott was on vacation. The new doctor called me out on my comment about her to Dr. Scott and said maybe I didn't want her to be my doctor. It was embarrassing and inappropriate to share with me what Dr. Scott wrote and make as issue about what I stated over 1 year ago. I gave her chance anyway and really felt like it was a waste of my visit. She didn't order any bloodwork to see how my numbers were and I had to ask for referrals for mammograms and didn't get my pap either. I felt like she really didn't care about my preventive like Dr. Scott. I felt more like I had to ask about things instead of her asking me. It is also all new front office people as well who are very rude, abrupt and just not friendly and helpful. It is so sad because the doctor has a sweet personality but our interactions with the front office leave many of us frustrated. My daughter has had the same problem and has tried for almost a year to get a bill for $25 co pay waived since it was a preventative visit. But because she asked for a refill while there they are now billing her $25 co-pay. Sadly this whole experience has made me switch to Kaiser January 2017 to try their doctors and office staff. My experience in 2016 was terrible so I usually just went to an urgent care facility for any of my medical needs. Sorry to have to leave the bad review but I was a happy patient for many years with Dr. Scott and her front office staff.	4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2YUn6esA0ZwiY_sedEPzjw	I found Dr. Jahroumi through my insurance and this is my second visit with her.  I could not be happier.   Dr. Jahroumi takes her time explaining all exams or tests suggested.   As a patient I greatly appreciate her bedside manner.  It's extremely difficult to find a doctor like her that will listen and take time with her patients.   .Also, she makes sure to get back to her patients.  I called her office for a referral her and I had discussed.  At the end of the day I had my referral to the specialist.   .I highly recommend Dr. Jahroumi and will be referring my husband as her patient as well.	2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l-PgYwoOl6SSW-om6Icemw	Dr. Jahroumi is the most caring, thoughtful, thorough doctor that I have ever had the pleasure to meet. She is truly a gem who is open, honest and down to earth. She takes her time with you during your appt and never rushes you and she listens carefully to any heath problems you have and will work carefully with you to get them resolved. She is extremely professional and follows up with you personally to see how you are doing. Her referrals to specialists are always terrific. I have been a patient of hers for approx 2 years and I would highly recommend her. She is one heck of a terrific doctor and a wonderful person as well.	6 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=34cHGa7vYpvA48Ja7wKBoA	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Jahroumi. She has excellent bedside manner and great listening skills, shows genuine concern, never hesitates to issue referrals if they're deemed necessary, provides honest opinions when warranted, and always follows up with prompt phone calls and/or appointments. She also has a very holistic approach toward medicine and the human body, even though she is an allopathic doctor. She does not eschew alternate means of healthcare and understands the marriage of various practices to ensure the individual's overall health is managed comprehensively. I've heard equally good things about Dr. Emily Scott, so I think this is just a very good practice. I can say with full assurance that I'm very satisfied with my care here and trust my needs to be met completely.	9 8	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=20BhDX_crg0fvW_rc4ba-Q	Making an appointment for this doc is a headache. They don't care if you are in pain. Also the girl in the front desk needs to fix her attitude toward patients. It seems like she doesn't want to be there.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yQp0PNFj77jOmet1KGDSrw	Since I cannot give 0star, I give her 1 star. Worst physician I have ever met, she did not even wish when entered the room, lacked compassion towards patient, was very very rude and blatant. When we asked her questions she did not answer to the question and was also arrogant with her reply. Worst physician who has no concern towards the patient. Will not recommend her to anyone even my worst enemy.	2 5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4Ec6M1aad4KdMSq8Fm2sWw	Dr. Rose is a compassionate physician who shows great care with her patients. I am in my sixties and very fortunate to have found a doctor who I can easy talk to about any medical problem and know she will give me good advice. In short, Dr. Rose is excellent	2 1	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=WMLpCmHnwFYOshwoiSkeiQ	I am a nurse at UCLA. This doctor is one of the BEST!!! He listens and encourages a healthy lifestyle before additional medication.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rwGoI-KyLZzpUrM0hm7Pzg	I have been under The care of dr Pham for approximately 1 year now. He is an outstanding Doctor who actually takes time to listen and talk to u about your health issues. This doctor doesn't treat u like most other doctors where u are a number and they give u 2 minutes of their time. Understand if u ever have to wait, that he is giving a patient quality care that u will receive when it's your turn. He's well worth the wait.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3TEcnXXH0DCsiSQkwED3Lw	Don't go see this doctor. They denied me of service and told me I needed to be seen by the previous doctor that saw me. The manager did not give me their name either and the staff is very rude. The manager asked me what my name was after he didn't want to tell me what his name was saying, " I asked you second." Do not see him and beware of how rude they are.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QbIvKm49Ao5_tUkfi1OaBg	Dr. Pham has been our family doctor for 10 years. He cares about his patients. I recently had problems with ADOCS referrals for an orthopedic specialist, and returned to see him a few times for a solution. He took time to talk to me, and had his assistant, Alex to help.  Alex was so kind and patient; he called ADOCS so many times to get the right specialist for me. I am scheduled for a shoulder surgery on August 13. Hope everything would be ok then. Thank you doctor, Alex, and all staff members there much!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UNIXfyTbkTq4BGBKuOW0sg	What a fantastic Dr.!!! You can tell he genuinely cares about his patients. Once when I had an issue with my blood pressure, he had me text him my BP twice a day!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dfovQk2lAETa0Ns34ZMoPg	Dr. Pham see's both myself and my wife.  We are both very happy with his attention to detail and he listens very well.  We both highly recommend Dr. Pham.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=P3FMykt4XHShzVIXWQnmjw	Excellent doctor. He takes great care in treating his patients with kindness and also allowing them the freedom to make decisions about their health care. He listens to patents' concerns and then offers solutions. If it wasn't for the fact that I see Dr. Pham under adverse health conditions, I would actually enjoy the visit to see him.	2	5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=j6EBICNSFiJOLJhFQYzlxw	Dr Davoodivar is very knowledgeable and authentic. She provides excellent service and is attentive to her client's true needs. I have been going to her for awhile and have never been disappointed with her care. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking to improve the appearance of their skin.	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uPcWBaMBPBCNHYFPo59uVw	I had never gotten treatments before and I was a little nervous at first...I researched clinics for weeks before making the decision to go to Dermasmooth...Dr. Davoodivar was professional and answered all my questions...I had Botox for my first session and was so happy with the results, I have returned for a few other touches...I love this place!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oHbKW-31IOAWPo16f1shCg	I wish i could give Dr. D many, many more than 5 stars! She is simply amazing. Accommodating with appointments, listens, and couldn't be better at what she does :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gxun3BYx_Q5z0tRGKzEG-w	I went back again for my Restylane and Botox.. and again, hands down Dr. D is the best!!! My undereye hollows were filled perfectly and my lips were plump, yet natural. My forehead was as smooth as can be... and I couldn't be any happier with the results. I just love how she takes her time and makes sure you are comfortable. I love love love the way I look! :) Thanks Dr. D!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Lr7vIxqS0aX_xFxzLxDTjw	I don't know what else to say about this place except that it's WONDERFUL.  Dr. Davoodivar is the consummate professional -- she's honest and down-right good at what she does, and in my case, Botox/Dysport.  What I love most about her is that she truly cares about YOUR needs and skin concerns, not what she can get out of you to line her pockets (I've been to at least three other places where it's all about the cha-ching, not about the patient's needs).  All five stars are well-deserved!	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jyc9eLm8oQRX8mU-5q-xzA	Ditto all the good remarks about Dr. D.   Her expertise is beyond compare and yet when I visit her I feel like I'm seeing an old friend.  She's the nicest, smartest, most competent doctor I've found.  She truly knows her products and is able to use them in a way that will make you look and feel really good about yourself.  She usually saves me a ton of $ too every time I see her which has been on average about twice a year for the last 3-4 years.  Thanks Dr. D.... you're the BEST!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f3Ky-x1uTlVjWk4jnXbwXw	I highly recommend Dr. Davoodifar, and have done so to all my friends. She is gentle, conservative, and very knowledgeable.		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=T9gEGNss76xk7YEjtxEQkw	He is very thorough! Love this office. Little or no wait time and friendly staff......	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4QoDMax87ovLbuPgvj9gSw	Dr. Fishbein is very personable. He takes his time to review test results and explains the importance of areas that require attention. I have been a patient for over 10 years and he is great. I have had to see him urgently and was able to get a same day appointment.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4yDt8HUuYbU7mD2MRzZNJA	Dr. Fishbein cuts to the chase and I feel like he tells me what I need to know without sugarcoating anything.  I like his straightforward style, and the staff has always been friendly and prompt.  Also, I schedule my appointments online through their portal which makes things a lot easier.  Recently went in for a followup visit after I went to the ER, and I felt that him and his staff were very professional and gave me all the info I needed.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UtokLKaulBj7GGAgnRnJ2g	My doctor Michael Shaw retired and my files were turned over to  Family Care Center. .I did some checks on YELP and found this office either got 5 stars or 1 star.??.WELL, they got 5 STARS from me !!!  .Jennifer at the front desk is a WONDERFUL person, greeter, administrator and has a great smile !!!  Tiffany was my personal medical assistant that got me through the basics of temperature and blood pressure and once you mention Calgary, she hits second gear and gets even better !!!.I selected Dr Fishbein  as my medical provider and found him efficient and professional on the first visit and when I had my annual physical on the second visit, he was warm, friendly and thorough..Do not know what else you can ask from a medical office ???	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5t7IqJKLymi642NcATa9HQ	Dr  Fishbein has been my PCP for over 3 years, he always listens to my symptoms and does what he feels will resolve the problem, including referrals that he finds necessary. I will continue to see Dr. Fishbein and all who are affiliated with Greater Newport Physicians and Hoag Hospital.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=creSj1OjpBhduIHNgZLtDA	I honestly think Dr. Fishbein is the best!!!   He is short(not his height) and very precise with his words.  Yes, he does have a unique personally but my wife and I LOVE it.  We always talk and laugh about our experiences with him.  Dr. Fishbein is a very kind and caring Doctor to say the least!!!!!!!!  We would really love to sit and have a couple drinks with him..My wife and I have been with his practice for 13 years now and never want him to retire.  We are very easy going people and only put trust in people whom have consistently performed. Maybe all the people whom gave bad reviews like to self diagnoses their symptoms....need love and tender care form their doctors......   We just want a very educated Doctor professional assistance which Doctor Fishbein provides!!.There were a couple of concerns that I had that Doctor Fishbein stated not to worry about.   He stated the tests were not necessary but I still requested the test and he DID NOT block my request one bit.  GUESS WHAT?? HE WAS RIGHT EVERYTIME(4-5 TIMES).  So I really dont understand the reviews???   .Oh yeah.... My wifes first tumor Doctor Fishbien caught with a routine check up.....   The other two tumors my wife had she was more aware of the symptoms which Doctor Fishbien and her addressed ASAP!!! .NO I AM NOT RELATED TO THE DOCTOR IN ANY WAY!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Qm8gYDhDR4-zHMAjiY3DFg	Dr. Fischbein has been my GP for over 20 years, and he's been helping me to stay in good shape ever since.   He's very good with practical advice, recommendations and guidance.  I would definitely recommend him.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ksWSHVCEtOg7pBBJ6gYaYA	Ridiculously horrible staff. Rude, unprofessional, incompetent and offensive. You'll get better care in a back street alley.	1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CUY-DnhMM25TAsk-GmmbEQ	My visit with Dr. Fishbein was the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor.  I found him to be very rude and impersonal.  He was condescending and disrespectful.   I would not recommend him for a new patient.	6 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RNUC8YMe2wE1BhxWOFH7GQ	I have been seeing Alison Omel, PA-C for the last few years and she is fantastic.  She always listens and addresses any concerns I may have.  The staff is great and always good about following-up on paperwork/labwork and scheduling an appointment.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5laPiShYcDWzpgcF9V_iTw	I've had Dr Fishbein as my family doctor since I was a small child. As I've become an adult I have become fully aware on what makes a good Doctor and it's clear to me that he has lost touch with his profession. I feel he isn't really there to help me anymore and my visits feel very "quick n dirty". I feel like he's there just to collect my copay and move onto the next patient as soon as possible. He is no longer my family doctor and I am now searching for a new doctor as we speak.	8 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0_YrpS-cX0czpX3Kp0Eqyg	I was a patient of Dr. Fish for a long time when I was kid.      Great place to take children.   .He takes time to explain things, and he makes you feel comfortable when you are sick..I especially like the puppet thingy that looks just like him.   There's a nice and friendly approach.	3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v0Km4zRv_fQ92ZbjHRu_cg	I have been seeing Dr. Fish for years and never had a problem making appt., getting the meds I need or being rushed.  In fact, that's why I've stuck with him.  Always patient and explains everything.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wVeeoRwiEGLvDcNmGP68nw	Dr. Fishbein is an outstanding physician.......!!!!.I've been seeing Dr. Fishbein and his PA Allison Omel for years and they and the staff are the best. I've never had a problem he is a caring and capable doctor. He's always willing to set me up with a good specialist without hesitation when the situation called for it..He has great communication skills -- especially careful listening -- that can make all the difference between a good doctor-patient relationship and a poor one.'' Dr. Fishbein demonstrates his bedside manner in a professional and friendly approach when we talk over different treatment options; plus I never feel rushed but comfortable with his approach in helping me with my medical care..Regardless of the other reviews.....he takes the oath of caring for his patients seriously.....always!!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0rDAMHVGLcYZUTnpLlyq_Q	I did extensive research on all the reviews for Dr. Fishbein before I went to visit him, but I found him to be rude, nasty, and uncooperative..Dr. Fishbein doesn't like to help his patients, or write prescriptions when needed.  "I don't feel comfortable" is his response to any prescription that he should write..I think for the future, this doctor should give-up his practice and try the music business as he is better suited to that field..Save your money and find a doctor that is caring and cooperative, as he is NOT!	6 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Cb1JnTYuUq74IWJ8sPCVaA	I've had Dr. Fish as my PCP for a number of years and I am very satisfied with the service received. Never a problem scheduling an appt, organized and well run office, clean modern facility, he is a caring and capable doctor. Always set me up with a good specialist without hesitation when the situation called for it.	3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=USelDlu7sK4jbhxuszYHwA	Great doctor/family practice. I'm afraid my health issues were too much for this particular practitioner and had to go elsewhere.	4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X0zXOJGxYXlejNzbEO8yRQ	Horrible doctor. Very rude and very condescending. he made me feel horrible about my visit and basically told me that I was crazy and he couldn't help me. he made me feel VERY uncomfortable. Isn't the whole purpose of being a doctor to help people and make them feel better? He didn't even give me the opportunity to tell him why I came in. He just wanted to get me out and move on to the next patient. I spent 45 min waiting and a copay for absolutely nothing but negativity I left in tears and switched doctors as soon as I got home. I don't recommended him!!	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=87rKm26blycZV3-OzvDABg	I've been seeing Dr. Fishbein and his PA Allison Omel for years and they and the staff are the best. I've never had a problem with getting an appointment on short notice, we talk over treatment options, i've never felt rushed, records are good, referrals are easy... Really first rate.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=i9-S8mRk6QIBdM3YvePgAw	I am not happy with this doctor. He hardly heard what I had to say and I felt like he rushed me through. The biggest problem I had was his expression and his attitude. He looks as if he has lost everything and has no interest in life. My doctor need not smile or always be friendly with me, but should not depress me. And I visited this guy twice. Not going there ever again.	9 1	2.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=_etpT8ZAcKeq9UYmqfOEhg	I have been participating in Dr. A's medical group for sometime now through work and personal business. His staff is very professional and friendly, and they really make you feel comfortable. What I enjoy most about Dr. A, is his ability to make you feel good about yourself. His upbeat personality and positive attitude are reasons why I have referred many to him.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iiG2ZoUymgk5j3YdvfnIlg	Excellent Dr.  Great knowledgeable in all the new medical findings and current Medical "trends" and procedures!! Go see him!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bzMu_U_rZGlvI2Mw2HLBZg	I have been going to Dr. Alevizos for years, he's a fantastic doctor, who exhibits integrity and vast knowledge more than other doctors I have seen in the past. If you want a doctor who is reputable then you should definitely see him! My friends & family mirror the same views as well.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ytKvx_Dq4i8-VWOoASwYbQ	If you want a primary physician that actually cares about you and your personal health, I highly suggest you DO NOT come here! .I have been going to the numerous doctors that work here from Kathy, Amy to John for about 10 years and have finally lost all hope for this place. The receptionist's really don't care about you and/or your symptoms, and this office as a whole could care less what medical problem you're having as they are more concerned about getting you in and out as fast as possible and taking your money..After going to Urgent Care twice; first time for the emergency I had, and the second time for having an allergic reaction to the antibiotics I was administered, I decided to call my primary physician since they have my medical history on file. The receptionist that answered was semi-nice, but after explaining the series of Urgent Care visits I had & the reasoning behind all of it, I told the receptionist I wanted to speak to a nurse. All nurses were busy the first time I called so I called back 20 minutes later like I was instructed to do. When I called 20 minutes later, I was never transferred to a nurse. Instead, another receptionist decided to hop on the phone. I re-told the exact same thing I had told the other receptionist and her immediate response was either a) call Urgent Care or b) go to the ER. It's so awesome to know that these people actually care, NOT! Since I had already called Urgent Care prior to calling the doctors office for the second time, I told the receptionist that they wanted to give me more medication for the allergic reactions I was having and to me that just didn't seem right. Because of all this back and forth at Urgent Care, this is the MAIN reason I wanted to see my primary physician. The receptionist said I can wait two days to get an appointment (the antibiotics I'm currently on would be done by that time aka no more allergic reactions), go to Urgent Care or the ER like she had previously suggested. .I told her "I've never had to wait two days to get an appointment at this medical office and considering I've been going here for 10 years or so you would think you'd actually care about my physical health". Her exact response word for word was "because of Obama Care and people having insurance now we are busy all the time.".With that being said, this place is a complete corporation and only concerned about how much money/profit they are driving versus the actual physical state and well-being of their patients. If Obama Care is the reasoning behind this place being booked so far in advance fine, but you should never tell a patient that who is in need of medical attention. .Anyways, you bet after all of this I'm switching my primary physician ASAP like yesterday. Your health is your wealth people, go to a doctor that actually cares about you & is willing to go the extra mile unlike this place!	6 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jpKFBmz-eoJ2IqSKO7v6dg	Dr. John Alevizos is very professional and has a great bedside manor. He listens and spends time with his patients and really cares for each persons well being. The new office is very nice and has a beautiful design. He's the perfect Doctor for all your anti aging and medical needs. Try him, your won't be disappointed!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kSN-UkXoW2hAqtjX0GAHWg	Too bad I can't give this office a 0 star rating!  I woke up with my throat almost swollen shut and had difficulty breathing and talking.  My wife called them to find out where our Urgent care was (it was 7AM) and the receptionist said the Dr comes in at 7:30 and that he would see me to see if I needed to go to the ER.  My parents drove me there and I arrived at about 7:45.  The office manager said the Dr wouldn't see me because they were double booked all day.  I explained to her that I couldn't breathe and she told me to go to Urgent Care.  I explained that the receptionist told me to come in for the Dr to take a quick look - the receptionist then lied and said he never said that.  So I'm standing in the Dr office, about to pass out from lack of oxygen and no one will look at me or tell me where to go.  I asked her which Urgent Care I should go to and she told me to Google it!  I ended up going to an ER that gave me a bunch of drugs to get the swelling down so I could breathe again... with a $250 Co-pay.  Not only is this office terrible with customer service and lies, they also put a person out on the street that could have died had I not made it to the ER on time.  This place is a danger to the community!.And for those still on the fence about going here let me leave you with this thought: Do you want to go to a dr's office that is double booked every day?  How inconsiderate is that to our time?  They obviously only care about stuffing in patients to make money as opposed to spending time with patients to actually help them.	5 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xlpAF7ieZRUwEVBSgVpC9A	I took my husband to see Dr John due to his high blood pressure. The medicine originally subscribed to him by the emergency room after we thought he was having a heart attack made him nauseas. Please keep in mind my husband H-A-T-E-S going to the Doctor and never goes, I would make appointments and he would refuse to go. He even got a certified letter from our previous Family Doctor saying they refused to accept him as a patient anymore...... seriously have you ever heard of such a thing? Anyway you get the idea. One day I went in my husbands office and he looked absolutely horrible, to my astonishment he asked me to make him appointment with the Dr I had been telling him about, so you know he was bad.  I had heard about Dr John from a friend of mine years ago, called the office and they got us in that afternoon. After seeing Dr John within the week he felt better and has the blood pressure of a 30 year old. This was the best life choice we made and have never looked back. My husband reminds me to make his appointment now and is is the best shape of his life, it's been 6 years and going strong!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Ewq34a0fScw4dwSVYIXI4w	Dr. Alevizos is an amazing physician.  He had a great bedside manner to keep my nerves calm and he did a fantastic job. I'm only 23 and I got the vampire facial and it made my acne scars go away.  Definitely recommend him.  I'll be coming back as I need more things.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dZ0t1vDMQP-wRmYW8qokQQ	I have been very impressed with Dr. A's knowledge, professionalism, integrity, and overall ability to put me at ease with my medical concerns. I came to Dr. A earlier this year for a consult of my medical condition, then sadly I went to one of his competitors. That was a terrible mistake. With the competitor, I felt like he was not truly interested in my concerns, he didn't speak as though he cared if I were his patient or not. I went back to Dr. A, he quickly put me at ease, listened intently to what I had to say, and layed out a treatment plan that made sense...and one that has made a positive change for my now nonexistent condition. I appreciated the follow up Dr. A has done. He is truly committed to excellence! His staff is also very knowledgable, professional, and friendly, they too, helped me feel more comfortable! It's not very often one finds a doctor who truly cares about their patients, has a positive and can-do attitude, thank you Dr. A, I appreciate you and the work you and your staff do!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rUd7nVULBTMHoSY6KCHK6Q	Dr. Alevizos was amazing.  He took time to take me into his exam room and answer all of my questions.  He's really great and thorough.  Would definitely recommend him to others.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fxdM3wWHdTdGZK1nb7Qf-g	Officially my new primary doctor. Efficient, friendly and easy in/out of office. They definitely value their patients time.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oOHlPeTUuCUIZA7W1jkcBw	Love Dr A...couldn't loose weight, in fact gaining for no reason! He balanced my hormones and the weight came off:  I love Dr A!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=USelDlu7sK4jbhxuszYHwA	This review is for the family practice side not workers' comp. My first visit came after a long search for ANYONE who could help me with my hormone issues. Two years of searching later, I located Dr. A online via a link to his blog on bio-identical hormones. What a relief to finally find a doc who A understands female issues B has some compassion.  So I brought my daughter, friend and co-worker, then my 78 year old mother. He literally saved my mom's life!! We came in to discuss possible thyroid issues and my concern regarding her meds. He took one look at my mom's legs, before we could barely speak, explained how the circulation was being cut off, next step no legs! Long story short he took her off the med that was causing lack of circulation (former dr blamed diabetes), took her off one of the 3 diabetes meds, ran tests treated her thyroid. Mom arrived first visit ready to die, 3 months later has a new lease on life!! We are very thankful Dr. A!!.Honestly, This office can be VERY hectic, so much so you can "feel" the tension at times. Since noting this, I try to schedule first/last of the day and early in the week appointments. So far the change has been good for me. .So glad to have found you Dr. A!! BTW my daughter loves Amy Risley PA too!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=G6CJ-jGVY8uwftCeCTd7Mg	My family has been seeing Dr A for the past 2 years and I can say that he is the most compassionate and caring Dr I have ever seen. He will spend as much time as we need to discuss our concerns.  I trust him with my children's care and he has never been wrong  with his diagnosis. His staff is always friendly and they never rush us. I have referred all of my friends to him and they have all been as happy as I am with his services. I am so glad I found such a special Staff and knowledgable Dr!!		5.0 star rating
user_ID   content   upvotes   star
/user_details?userid=B2sBKlcJzXz_eCbEEc7Cdg	My son was sick so I took him there to see why he was having rash on his skin. The dr. Told me that he has chicken pox, so he gave him medication to treat the chicken pox. I was very suspicious since he had all his vaccination done. Took him to his primary Dr. And he was shocked that he was given such a medicine..I have heard stories like that with others too..I would not go there again.	7	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8K0pSEF9OnQJv1ymME6sMg	The service at this facility is excellent, starting at the front desk. Lora greeted my husband and aggressively resolved a billing issue that he was unaware of, which enabled by daughter to be quickly treated. The doctors and friendly, knowledgeable and you don't feel rushed while having your medical needs assessed. .My son is also a regular at this facility due to football/sports injuries. We are able to be quickly seen and have x-rays taken when needed. .We have been coming to this facility for 6 years and have always been more than pleased. We highly recommend it	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Iaj-Qi0MYynO1ch95hi3NQ	Dr. Yacoob was great!.Rest of the place... NOT so much..Front office staff was rude, unfriendly, non responsive and could not have been less helpful. The receptionist thought it was completely normal that someone should wait 45 minutes past their appointment time to just get out of the waiting room and into one of the exam rooms.	4 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6oIrCvh97dKuSY0w_jP_rQ	My first impression wasn't great, but once I reached the correct window for Dr. Chia I was good to go. The front office attendant was very helpful and Dr. Chia was too. I recommend.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EOnGQch-ntNnYoQ5FUgKFw	Their medical billing department is terrible. The lady who helped me over the phone was so rude and had an attitude every time I asked her a question. I am not willing to deal with rude staff every time I have to pay my bill. It's not worth it. I will not be coming here again..NOTE: I came here about 3 weeks ago. It was my first time there. I waited about 10-15 minutes to be seen by a doctor (which was awesome compared to my usual wait time of 30-60 minutes at my other doctor's office). I saw Dr. Rodriguez and she was awesome. I have no complaints about the doctor. This place would've gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for their billing department's attitude problem.	3 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=slrH6zwPlP8GHbm4lbGLkw	Came here because I couldn't get to my primary care doctor before 5p.  I waited for about an hour and saw a doctor (Doctor R, I forgot his last name!).  He was so helpful!  He took his time to talk to me and address all my questions.  He even printed out some information for me to take home to read and went the extra mile to reassure me.  This was huge for me because I think doctor's always give you worst case/best case scenario which scares the bejesus out of you..+Coverage hours.+Convenient location .+Friendly and helpful staff.+Very attentive and caring doctors (based on Dr. R).-Long wait time	3 3 3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jJdoFOjiv7qEDB2CZscPig	This review is specific to the night staff at the urgent care window on the night of 3/25/16.  I have never seen staff at a medical facility treat people so rudely both in person and over the phone.  What's more, after the encounters they have with patients/patrons, they proceed to talk poorly about them openly and complain about their jobs.  From my seat in the waiting area I can hear the front desk attendant talking poorly about her coworkers, who seem not on shift tonight and one of the ladies is talking about her plans to call out sick on Tues this coming week. The people running this facility at night are disgusting and I hate being in their presence. If it were not for the fact that I am sick and need medicine tonight, I would have just left.  I don't ever want to have to be around such negative and disgruntled people at their jobs again.	5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zlqbbhAujrMla0eDiK7mIw	After a terrible experience at marina medical group near my house in Huntington Beach, I decided to seek a provider in Irvine because..well, it's Irvine. I am so happy to have found this place, which coincidentally, turned out to be right across from the restaurant, Boiling Point. Super convenient since I frequent Boiling Point + Mitsuwa (one parking lot over). It's easy to locate as it's in the same plaza as Buffalo Wild Wings/Caspian. .I called and scheduled an appointment and it was easy breezy. I got an appointment for the very next day with Dr.CARMELA Yacoob. For the people who were upset this is not the Dr.Yacoob you were expecting, please be sure to check their website listed, in which you can clearly see the doctors photos + information before you complain about being mislead. .The staff here were friendly and fast, filled out my paperwork, paid JUST my copay (no other ridiculous fees). Was not told I have any sort of deductible/out of pocket that applies *ahem, see my Marina Medical Group review.* The office is slightly confusing as there are several windows and the name plaques above are not completely accurate, so just look for your doctor's name on the clipboards on the counters. .I was taken into the exam room quickly, had my weight + height + vitals measured, and got some blood drawn. This was painless and quick. Then again, I should mention I'm not all that scared of needles. I met Dr.Yacoob and established care with her. Pretty excited to finally find my very own PCP since prior, I had jumped from one provider to another (never really satisfied in one way or another). She was friendly, great bedside manners, and just over all very warm and thorough. I'll be back in two weeks to follow up with her for my full physical and blood work. .I HIGHLY recommend this place as it is very professional, comfortable, and friendly. They give you an invoice where you can clearly see the services you will be charged for (venipuncture for getting blood drawn, etc). Yes, there was some wait time as the doctor was going from room to room, but I urge you to consider several things before you complain about waiting at a doctor's office. If you complain about doctor's double booking, then consider that you might have to wait weeks/months before you can snag an appointment. Maybe they are trying to make more money, maybe they are just making sure patients get seen in a timely manner. Also consider that there are not enough doctors (especially in primary care) to accommodate the amount of people who need to be seen. Sometimes, they don't even double book, but will run over (this happens at my office, we NEVER double book). Why? Sometimes you can't account exactly how long you will need with a patient. Sometimes there are unexpected situations. Imagine if you had an issue to discuss and the doctor rushed you or just cut you off --- "whoops, sorry, it's time to see my next scheduled patient, don't want to make them wait!" It doesn't work like that. MOST providers do their best to time manage, but sometimes circumstance prevents so keep that in mind. .That said, this place was awesome.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=K5TAl5jmY_L5ci5VQ8uZTA	This place has horrible costumer service. I am an ICU nurse and I should know how to treat patients. Everyone at the front desk is rude. My first visit there, none of the staff knew which window I am suppose to go to for  a particular physician. Dr. Abazarri did my physical but did not follow up. I made the point to make a follow up appointment few months later due to my labs results. She didn't even remember who I was and why I was there. Clearly she did not look over my chart before entering the room. She told me she didn't feel the need to re-do my labs even though I had some abnormal results last time. I had been fasting for over 14 hours by then she could have done the lab work.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9Zii3R4K0RLrq5R0uNEWng	If I could give this place zero stars, I would! .Don't wast your MONEY and time in this place. They don't see patents as human. All they care about Money. .This is my First time and last time. The receptionist was super rude, she ask me for the insurance card twice and for every time ,she  just laugh and said "oh right you gave it to me" ..Didn't seem like she cared at all..The nurse "Jennifer" with no respect . She is super rude, and unprofasional. I had to wait 2 hours and a half in waiting room ,then I waited in the room about 1 hour. and every time i ask her how long i have to wait she laugh and said "there is a lot of patents we are so busy" , but all the rooms empty where is the patents ? She put me in the last room in the end, i don't know what this is mean ,but all what i know is nurses should NOT treat patents this way. They won't wait if they aren't in pain don't play with people health. .I've never felt so uncomfortable in a medical setting and have never experienced such awful behavior and attitude from the medical staff!!!! .I should listened to the other reviews.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sffeJLRWlVQvj_8KbuaboA	Doctor Chia is great! They even have helped with things like calling the lab to see if they can do a blood allergy test and the lab was able to get me special tests that weren't routine for Dr. Chia. I love how my allergy results get posted within a few days or a week on their website. I never had problems with appointments like other yelpers. I also have been late and no one made a big deal out of it. I hardly wait at the doctor's office. There have been busy times, but it is never a long wait. They also have a walk in clinic.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=obvHvVoWBdyPOiIc1PsyJg	Dr. Chia was wonderful! Very thorough and professional, asked a lot of questions, and tried to consider various options. I rarely go to the doctor, but this was a very positive experience. Her nurse was also so personable and helpful.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yr_nL0V4agsRzPXfoef5kg	Horrific experience at this Irvine medical office..The assistant at the front window was very unhelpful at this clinic. She didn't communicate well and seemed like she didn't care at all. On top of all this she seemed overly emotional..I had just been in a car accident, suffered a concussion and lacerations, and walked in and put my name down on the list. After almost one hour, I walked outside, about 10 feet from the reception area, for a breath of fresh air and, when I came back in, I noticed that she was accepting the patients that came in after me..I went to ask her what happened to my turn and she said that she called my name and when I didn't answer she kept going and that I would have to now sign in behind everyone else as if I had just entered. .When I shared with her my discontent, in a calm but frustrated way, she became very emotional. One of the doctors came by and, when he saw she was upset, told me that I should leave and that they would not be seeing me. This doctor was thin, in his early forties, about 5'8", and had short black curly hair..It was obvious that the last thing this doctor cared about is patients and providing care and other human beings. He never spoke with me or asked me questions about what happened he just listened to her explain a few things and then came out with his judgment..Maybe I'm fortunate that this happened before I was put under the care of a hateful and ignorant doctor like him.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hXaRCEtK7175XyLPSDM-Kg	For their urgent care, I was in and out in 40 min...Laura the nurse was really nice. So was the doctor. I came at 8am so no one was there. I will def go back if I have another urgent matter.	1 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Dbu29WuVCD5Ui-maMpJwBw	I see Dr. Chia here and she is my favorite doctor and very knowledgeable. She fixed my electrolyte problem by asking if I have enough daily calcium and that was my problem for so long. She has many solutions to problems for me and is very respectful. I also like how your labs and everything can be accessed on their website. They hired new staff because there are some new and friendly faces. I used to not like the front desk people but the new ones are great and it is easy to get an appointment. The old front desk made phone calls and scheduling difficult. I have been going here for 4 to 6 years.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hDUaOX6tGpBddfUbY-WnFQ	Dr. James Feld in here, is a fantastic Doctor! My husband has gone to him for years, and we can't be more impressed and pleased! Dr. Feld is a very thorough Doctor, labs, physicals and follow ups are required, however, it you are looking for a doctor who takes his time to properly diagnose and not just treat the symptoms, you will love him! The Walk In is good too! Jolly, the RN in there is just wonderful, and my experiences there have been mostly positive! Wait times can get long, but that is to be expected at a walk in.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hJzspUMLl2-QCWuc6GqA3Q	I am the manager here and would like to clarify that suite 101 X-Ray is not affiliated with Irvine Family Practice anymore.  They are owned by Radnet.  I am sorry you had a bad experience with X-Ray, I will pass the word on to their management.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NMLJYpFJxcQFkXK4Y_23Kg	The only reason I'm giving this place stars is for Carrie and the doctor I saw (I forgot his name but he was a pleasant, foreign man with a teddy bear tie), but zero stars for the rude receptionist and incompetent nurse that wrote my prescription. Receptionist has an attitude and other nurse was talking to me like I was 5, when I returned there because of a misunderstanding with the pharmacy that filled my prescription, who sent me back to talk to them. Won't be returning.	3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kIoHTW4pZBBzXpqaqeTTTw	Doctor did nothing to help, took no information and never followed up. Save yourself and don't go here,		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0hEkhKcHqg1tjv6O6e08pQ	They don't care about patent as human. All they care about the money. This is urgent care but business and money first. The recipient with no respect and full of attitude. I have travel medical insurance and I know it cover under PPO, and I've been in many situations before in other dr and they understand.  But they don't care. They make me wait for an hour and later told me they would accept but it travel insurance so we can't. The answer didn't make sense and I told them ok send the bill to them and if they refuse send it to my mail like other hospital and we will pay. You have your address. But they said no you have to pay cash in front.. .Well I don't need your urgent care... thanks god my situation is not that serious.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=V-UYEEF4oL4uTKVzWYJ4Ng	Shirley Wang is the best doctor I've EVER been to. She truly cares about her patients and she goes above and beyond to make sure her patients leave happy and educated. Do not hesitate to go to Dr. Wang. You will not be disappointed.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YOD_weolffHBRWe8u_xRdA	Just been in to see Dr Wang and I must say that it was a very nice visit. Dr Wang listened to my concerns and was very thorough in her explanations. She made me feel comfortable and yet remained very professional.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=s6a-rI6WOuyQ20KSm4oRsw	Went to health works for a physical today and Dr.Wang was so kind and informative. She gave me  information about my medications and advice that was extremely helpful. She made my exam comfortable and she had great bedside manners, plus she made me laugh. I would happily go to her again, she actually listens which was really nice. she was honest and actually cared about what I was saying and I know sometimes doctors don't really listen but that was not the case with her. :)		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cVgwvakESjMmHcKdsrYK6Q	I am happy to the point that Dr. Shirley L wang is my fundamental expert. She is positive and tests to ensure she is understanding for the best course of treatment. Likewise, gives extraordinary proposals and widened resources. Truly grateful!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Qu-NETtbciUWz01Nky9W7w	Dr. Wang did my physical exam and she was great at what she does. She explained things clearly, was polite, listened to and answered my questions patiently. Thank you Dr. Wang!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gLoeNeK3V5RcGgnsuvX8Xg	I visited Dr. Shirley Wang for a work related issue. Dr. Wang was everything a patient wants in a doctor: knowledgeable, friendly, caring and most importantly she didn't rush through the visit. She took the time to listen to all of my concerns.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4PKHFvW6qZm4Wd8BCZpz_w	I have been coming to Dr. Yang for over 10 years now. What I like about him is that he won't make you take medication if he truly thinks you can be cured in a different way (home remedies). Also his staff is so wonderful and friendly and they not only remember me but they remember specific facts about me. You can tell they go out of their way to make their patients feel like family. I recommend Dr. Yang to all of my friends and family and I will recommend him to you too :)	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l3-I5N1HZME3eg9NOGPMTA	Dr. Yang is one of the most caring physicians I have met. He always takes extra time with me and has been treating my family for several years.  I always go to him as my primary care physician and have always had a great experience.  His staff is also very pleasant.  If all professionals were like Dr. Yang, the world would be a better place.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U0Eex-JVKx2VNLY5_d2S-Q	I don't know.  Years ago, I went to see Dr. Yang about a blood test results that showed I was getting pre-diabetic.  Instead of instructing me how to modify my diet and exercise program, he decided to prescribe me medication that contained sulfates which I'm allergic to.  I don't like doctors who just prescribe medication without regard to anything else. .I swell up when I take anything sulfa, sulfates, and I can't even use Neosporin on my skin (there's Polymyxin B Sulfate in there) and wherever I put the Neosporin on my skin, the area swells up to 1/2 inch high, and I had to get it lanced at the urgent care center!  I've also had other preservatives make my throat swell. .I told him I'm ALLERGIC to sulfa, sulfites, He didn't care. He said that it's better to be alive than to be allergic.  When the medicine RX went to the pharmacy, the pharmacy immediately flagged that I'm allergic to this medication and asked him to consider a different one.  HE REFUSED, so I told the pharmacist that I REFUSE the medication because of my allergies. .If I could give 0 stars, I would.  I do NOT agree with his medical opinions.  .To this date, I've lost 45 lbs, went from a size 16 to size 10, and am much healthier through my diet, exercise, and sleep treatments.  The prediabetics is from years of undiagnosed sleep apnea, and as that got treated and my body functioned better, the diet and exercise adjustments really took effect  It just goes to show that doctors don't know everything, and it's better to take responsibility for your own health.	9 4 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=igIifRLStEi3p4rb18KszQ	- great doctor who has had patients for many many years. .- funny guy who can speak multiple languages. (Chinese-Mandarin, Japanese, some spanish, english, i'm sure i'm missing some!).- jokes around with you, but in the end he's always looking out for you. He works hard and is very knowledgeable.- I've had many many friends (and their entire families) who have had him as a doctor..FYI: he's internal medicine with specialization in infectious disease. make sure to see him if you're going somewhere exotic and need to get some vaccines!!	2 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WeXhA4AZ47dysoh54qadPQ	Dr Yang is the best doctor ever! He is warm-hearted and kind to everyone and everything, also, he's a very responsible sort of person, he saved my friend's life. I appreciated his generosity. If you live nearby, Dr Yang is the first choice, highly recommended!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pXZqpetcM9D4dtUtlX2dLQ	I have been a patient of Dr. Yang's for almost 2 years now and I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a new physician.  He is extremely intelligent and well trained in many different fields of medicine. His bedside manner is awesome! He is kind, funny, empathetic and wise. Usually I am a nervous/anxious person around doctors but he has such a calming way about him I always leave my appointment happy. His office staff is fantastic as well.  They are so personable, kind, and helpful. They all sincerely care about you and do whatever they can to accommodate your situation to the best of their ability. I have seen many doctors in my life and I can tell you that Dr. Yang is by far the best I've ever dealt with.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YyKWG0LoQmkAXvSG0_yWYw	Dr Yang treated me on several occasions in the past. He is  professional, compassionate, listens intently, and very funny. My concern was  chronic neck pain that was treated successfully by Dr. Yang using Prolotherapy. .I have not had any pain in that area since Dr. Yang treated me over 4 years ago! I totally forgot about it until now, as I am writing this review.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bmlyCwIIi32-MlL7mBbbNA	Dr Yang also specializes in Infectious Diseases..Davids bottom line-   If your itch wont go away....show doctor Yang your wang.	14 25 12	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=o9SMhUXBbb3BALw592zYZw	I have been seeing Dr Yang for a year now he is by far the best doctor I have had. He takes his time to talk to you. Listens to all the issues and explains things clearly!!! My 14 year old thinks he is the coolest! I have recommended  him to everyone I know. He is truly a wonderful caring doctor. You should really give him a try.. Great with my teenager!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HFDYNm31TSWpeGqgSP1JeQ	I visited Dr Yang for a infection problem since he was the only infectious disease doctor who could see me the next day.  I think he's a great doctor.  Not only he treated my problem successfully and quickly, he also sent follow up emails over the weekend to see how I was doing.  Since I was paying out of pocket, his rate was very reasonable also.  I'll pick him to be my family doctor without hesitation.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=65p3v92g_lqriJfYP3DrzA	Dr. Yang is very funny, helpful and also professional..I will choose him to be my family doctor..He is a good doctor, go to see him if you need help.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kbGrGsXAV1vb1nMZqmfPqQ	Dr Young yang has been my doctor after battling 25 years of drug dependency. He has been treating me with  Suboxone. I have done allot of research on the drug and it has been a medical break through for the opiate dependent user. It has been close to 4 years now and I have yet to touch any pills that are opiate related drugs. As far as Dr. Yang, He is such truly a very concerned Doctor. I will never forget the numerous calls after I saw him or on his off hours to check on me to make sure I was doing well. Can't say that for other Doctors over the last 45 years. Yes he is a character and likes to make you feel comfortable. But he knows his sh**! I like how he will tell you straight out! No sugar coating it! Very straight to the point on what you should do or change. He is most known for his infectious disease or substance dependency. But can help with just about anything or recommend where you should go. I saw him today which I normally do 4 times a year and had to write this review because he deserves it!	2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lMR1083kune-AMLzc5ahMQ	I just saw Dr Shirley in US health work and she is so nice...great doctor helps me a lot...I recommend her...		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QewkSnmMfVtoBlZNraqX7w	Dr. Wang is personable and informative. I look forward to working with her again in the near future.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_RLAC_9VXeRhKt0jmwSTwA	So I got a physical done and they found something in my urine. This Dr  explained some of the causes... And explained some solutions... with her advice I followed up with my own doctor... it was very interesting to say the least of her accuracy that I felt like I might try some of her suggestions... This new year's resolution... Changing my diet to the Keto diet		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OYwxElwsUhNsgGh8Tn85PQ	Dr. Wang was very professional & through with the information regarding my results from a physical. She is very attentive & knowledgable. She helped me walk through a little bit about my blood pressure (which is at a normal level) & how to properly retain it. I definitely recommend you to consult to her ! You won't be disappointed !		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3WbeZp5vQpQFec5DRt-zzw	I had a follow up for a work injury and Dr Wang was very receptive to my needs.  She was very attentive and listened to what I had to say.  I felt that I was understood and cared for.  I was happy with her recommendations and the service she provided.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l47f1UPo0M2sCMF4iE0_WQ	I saw Dr.Wang today. She was doing a physical for a job I applied for.  She's nice, friendly, and she took her time. That's a problem I have with other doctors. She actually looks like she enjoys her career unlike others who treat you like a number, and she's very ambitious. I would love it if she were my primary care giver instead.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ucMyUiGwf7t2tEGVnEcSzg	Dr.Wang is one of the best doctors that you can come by. I honestly have never met a doctor who cares so much about others. I can tell she became a doctor to actually help/heal people. I usually don't get that feeling with other doctors. I initially called her because I was having a few health issues: severe cough, hormone issues, weight loss, etc. She spent a good amount of time on the phone with me going over all my options and possible treatments. She was even open to more holistic/natural approaches. Dr.Wang also made me realize that I need to focus on my health more and take care of myself. I'm the type to ignore symptoms because I hate going to the doctor. I now know that I can't continue this way. I would definitely recommend her to family and friends. She is worth going to.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=paBeyNpPswMJUObd8LpFLA	I saw Dr. Shirley Wang today at U.S. Health Works and she was absolutely amazing! Very efficient and sweet and funny! If I need her again, I will definitely come see her!! Such a sweet doc!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PLLR5XbRvZzEOgr9le7Q8g	Dr. Wang was very friendly and nice. She made me feel very comfortable. Next time if i have to go back i will ask to see her personally. .Thank you Dr. Wang		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=my6Pn89oOFq19SrZHEEANg	Doctor Wang was incredibly nice and thorough in explaining everything. I had to have a physical for a job and Doctor Wang made my visit very enjoyable. Highly recommended		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eMd8gB47a2yfa4vGJMIz6A	I saw Dr. Shirley Wang today and had a gear Check up. Easy to talk to great advice nice smile. Thank you doctor Wang!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nX2ubpHilZdRzmU6pbGK6A	Great doctor made me feel really comfortable but also very professional... great to work with a must see physician		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Sq4upUvc8tBHO7HASO6mkA	I saw Dr Shirley Wang today and she was extremely friendly and thorough. I recommend seeing Dr Wang if you need to see a Dr.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=08ccsvVnWZfWdSP1HtryhQ	My husband is a fire fighter and is being treated by her. He absolutely loves her and her passionate ethic to help. She is extremely informative and helpful. She is approachable and intelligent as you would expect from a good Dr and I would recommend her with the highest of regards.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bAWl4KRNrkLFJqktpqIy4A	Great spirited doctor, dedicated to the patients. Very knowledgeable, when your in loads of pain her spirit can actually distract you from the pain..Thanks Dr Wang!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=90TNDm8wnAlo03Yf30PWFg	In addition to my first review Dr. Wang is a hormone replacement therapy and Thyroid hormone specialist!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hIG4QORnP2yzAwuEnz-zAQ	Very pleasant and professional. Great bedside manner, I would definately recommend her to friends and family. :)		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tJYhMq6ZnOfuMGN6BA31bA	Dr Wang was friendly, knowledgeable, and professional. Everything was clean and organized. Very efficient. I will definitely see her for any medical needs.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L3zx5ixzv8R2uRItQWEdGg	Dr. Shirley Wang was very informative during my visit about the procedures. Very knowledgeable and approachable with any concerns that I had. Answered all questions Definitely benefited from her expertise. 10 Stars if I could!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tEPJqXenLTJKDAgKe9mY6Q	Dr. Wang was great. She listened well and was very hands on in checking to see where the pain was. I have a sprained ankle. She seemed to really know what she was doing and what I needed to get better.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bCTjM0QkmMtPVkX2jHJXeA	Unprofessional and rude doctor and staff. Would not recommend! Overcharges patients with medical visits. Will not go back!.PS: Any medical office that only accepts cash or check is unprofessional in itself, since all HSA and FSA accounts now comes in the form of a debit card..This is to Meilin Wang's response. Do you seriously think that revealing my husband's insurance company and dates of visits is not a breach of Doctor patient confidentiality? My point exactly on the unprofessionalism of the staff of this office.	18 8 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RtiPmZtH-5bFiOwjiil9LQ	I normally use Yelp to review feedback from customer experiences with restaurants, hospitality industry or other stores but I have never actually provided feedback. I always thought it's too personal and I was not sure if I wanted to associate my name with a company or individual service provider because it's representative of me, my opinion and my credibility. Therefore, my first Yelp review is for Dr. Tsai for a few important reasons that are relevant when selecting a doctor for you and your family's health..1. Extremely personable: Dr. Tsai is awesome and spends quality time learning about me (his patient). He didn't treat me like a number in his network and he really makes you feel like he cares about you and wants to see improvements regardless of the ailment. .2. Caring: Dr. Tsai is genuine and you can tell he cares about his family, community and patients..3. Just an all-around great doctor who has the ability to adapt to each patient in a humble and honest way..Not only is he a great doctor but there is something very special about him, he has the "it" factor. He is that guy, that doctor on a whole different level then other doctors I have seen over the years..Brad C.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XLNo2K5cYjjVL94TgEadNA	Writing this based on my experience last week. I've seen Dr Tsai a few times. .Last week I was not feeling well and my heart rate was low. I called the Cardiologist I've seen in the past and they would not see me until January 22. They did say I probably needed tests since I had not been in recently. The Cardiology scheduler told me to call my Primary Doctor to order them. She wouldn't budge and wasn't flexible. .When I called Dr Tsai he said the tests I need should be ran by the Cardiology group and not him. He called to my Cardiologist and asked them to schedule me with the Nurse Practitioner so the appropriate tests could be run. He told me to call him back if I didn't hear from them by 3. I did hear from the Cardiology Group and was able to get in the same day. .Without Dr Tsai's help I would not have gotten in or been able to get testing started. I don't know many Doctors that would go above and beyond like this. I am very grateful.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TW4TVuaMKDoDDP93PESjaA	It's been a very long time since I felt happy about a physician.  I can honestly say, this doctor is incredible!  How lucky that I found him!  I got a same day appointment, no wait, no office crowded with people.  The doctor listened to me, examined me, took my vital signs, and spoke to me about our plan to help me.  I am a nurse so I am very particular about healthcare.  This physician is one of the best I have ever seen.  I will recommend him to everyone I know!  Feeling very happy about my healthcare now.	5 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4KQGhh_Zj2Fx8ps8g_QZsw	I have been very fortunate to have very good health except for the occasional sports injury. I generally avoid going to a Doctor unless I absolutely have to. I am also very fortunate to have found Dr. William Tsai. He is warm, friendly, and genuinely cares about his patients. Seeing him is like visiting a long time family friend. Wait times are usually 15 minutes, plus or minus. How many times have you experienced waiting 45 minutes to over an hour for a Doctor? He always listens and answers all of my questions. One time I had a problem and so I referred myself directly to a Specialist Doctor. The waiting room was like a factory. I had to wait a long time. The Specialist Doctor seemed to care very little about me. He, all too quickly, discussed a surgical procedure that I thought was completely unnecessary. I mentioned my problem to Dr Tsai, and much to my surprise, he told me "I can help you with that" and he did! Dr Tsai also makes phone calls to follow up and returns phone calls too. I know that if I have a serious problem and I leave him a message, even if after hours or on a weekend, he will call me.  Dr. Tsai should be teaching other Doctors as to how to treat their patients, with care and respect.....like we are valued customers!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5Opj7iWnY3I3pRGX_SRrPQ	Great doctor, great staff, highly recommended! Felt very comfortable with Dr Tsai from the start. He's very professional and very personable at the same time which not all physicians balance very well. I had issues with a prescription and the office was extremely accommodating with helping me get a generic instead of the name brand which cost ~10x more! Thank you guys!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EpX_CmSpY1NiyhxuT1mI2g	I am so confused as to why I am getting a bill for services as my insurance covers this AND i have already paid my co-payment of $50.00 each time I go.  So now, i have to pay $200, plus the $100 i already paid.   That's $300 cash i will have paid for 2 doctor visits.   I am only upset because THIS would have been great information to know BEFORE i saw the doctor.   They said i was covered thru my insurance, so why am i being billed an extra $200?!    Anyway, of course i will pay, but only because i do not want this on my credit report.  Sadly, i will not be going to this doctor anymore.	14 8 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0zS9nfDViGidAIgie05NVA	Dr. Tsai has treated me for over 12 years.  He is an extremely compassionate as a person who truly cares about health and has always been extremely professional. He has been treating me so long he has known all my troubles and health related issues and has every intention to help me get better even if he can tell you what you don't want to hear.  I would like to thank Dr W. Tsai for all you do for me. When my insurance changed, the office did not hesitant in helping me help with the group number which was incorrect on the insurance side.  I don't think I will go to any other Dr since he has helped me so much and has known me for the past 12 years.  Thank you.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PnvY6-_jrbSi1aOt1-NvXg	I am a new patient of Dr. Tsai, and all I have is complete praise!! No wait at office and he so was wonderful and most thorough Doctor I have been to. I would 100 percent refer him to anyone.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r1vMNkW-PvsDpYWWobyI0A	Having been through really bad doctors in the past, I needed to find a doctor after transplanting from San Diego.  .Dr. Tsai is anything short of Awesome.  His office staff was very accomodating and professional.  After meeting Dr. Tsai for the first time, he was really engaged and asked the right questions of which a Doctor should ask when dealing with a new patient.  Although my first time was a routine check up, Dr. Tsai made the effort to call me to give me all of my test results and recently followed up again. .After a first meeting - I would definitely recommend him to other prospective patients.  He actually cares and makes himself available - that's pretty hard to come by these days. .Thanks, Doc!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=n1xdAqw6pQ8GntDZAfNj9Q	Dr. Tsai is very very good family doctor. I strongly recommend him. He is very professional and very nice people.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VFWswPpZtLY9dVwHTTd1Rw	Dr. Tsai is a very NICE person.  I have been treated by doctors who could be inpatient/condescending. .Dr. Tsai is very polite and treats people with respect.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g0zI6GwLhMooPeeTeTjLUQ	Dr. Tsai is a very thorough doctor.  He always calls me with all of my lab results and reminders if I missed going for my labs. He has called to check up on me when I have been really ill.  Scheduling an appointment is never a hassle.  The office is easy to find, immaculate and parking is free. . I like that Dr. Tsai and I are a team both working towards maintaining my good health.  He is not dogmatic in his approach to treatment. He treats my entire family, including my mom.  (That's a big compliment if my mom is willing to be treated by him.  She's very picky.) It took me a long time to find a great doctor like Dr. Tsai.  We love him!!!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1BZcAmZ7R3pssc2boWPFGQ	Dr. Tsai is the best doctor, EVER. Never have I been to a doctor who is so thorough, calm, educated (scary huh!) and understanding like Dr. Tsai. He is honestly the first doctor that I'm EXCITED to go to!! You never have to wait long, the staff is super friendly and you leave feeling calm, not anxiety ridden like I have in the past..One tip - its a cash/check practice for co-pay. .If you need a new internal med doc, he is def the one to go to!!	5 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IOPqasbC232n7XdaSRTZug	Dr. Tsai has been my doctor for over a year now, I moved here from Colorado 2 years ago and didn't love the doctor I was assigned.  I am so glad I found Dr. Tsai!!  He listens, is very genuine, doesn't rush which shows he cares, is very thorough and I love that the office isn't over packed with long wait times.  I would recommend him to anyone.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rr90bgzM9F9T3FSkQzxT8A	One of the kindest, most compassionate, and thorough doctors I have ever met, Dr. Tsai truly cares about his patients -- not just for the particular ailment you're visiting him for, but for your entire well human being.   I've been through quite a few health challenges in this year, but whether it was a late Friday evening or during his lunch, Dr. Tsai was always there for me.  He is patient and takes the time during every appointment to thoroughly hear and address your ailment.  It's so clear Dr. Tsai is a physician because of his deeply compassionate heart, with a mission to keep his patients both healthy and happy :)	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=N5pDTTuM49arKRZgwh_LgA	This is a great doctor. He shows genuine concern for his patients and is quick to return calls. I couldn't be happier to have chosen Dr. Tsai	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Tpf8wgsrjMiGQBCUvjiZ6g	this 2 star review is for the rude "don't call us anymore" comment when I was trying to refer new business to you. Just be professional and say thank you. I don't need to hear "you're not our client and stop wasting our time since you're not a patient here".  You were very professional when I  was trying to sign up to see you guys a while back, but due to "political reason" with Covered CA you could only see me if I was willing to pay cash. By the way, it's called Covered CA, not "Obama Care".  I'm a hard working self-employed citizen that pay taxes, and do not deserve to be treated as a second class citizen because of the insurance I carry.  Have a great day!	16 4 3	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2GnSNn3Wou6RFP1Rxo-xNQ	Since my first visit with Dr. Tsai, I could tell he was very thorough and sincere in his assessments based on every question or concern I had. He himself, takes very detailed notes, and provides you with all the possible options/suggestions. From there, he takes his time in discussing what he can do to help you. I've been to doctors before where they rush to get to the next patient, but Dr. Tsai is just the opposite. He truly looks out for your well being and takes the time to help your medical needs. Furthermore, he is great at follow up! If you leave a message, he will get back to you in a very prompt manner. I couldn't recommend a better physician.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=J5MIebJRnZrytZAxpa3uMg	I saw Dr. Tsai for the first time last week. I had a migraine attack and my regular doctor was not available. Dr. Tsai got me in the same day, was very attentive to my issue and was looking for the most effective treatment based on my feedback of what hadn't worked in the past. He recommended a medication that I hadn't taken in the past and so far it's been very effective..His office is very clean, I didn't have to fill out a ton of paperwork and he saw me right away. Nothing like going to the Doctor's office for a 2:30 appointment and not being seen until 3:00 PM, that was not the case here. I will go back to Dr. Tsai and recommend him to others.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xq3i-Yt6OyALd8jSo-HScA	Kind and caring.  Listens carefully.  When he heard I was in the hospital (taken to one he didn't practice in) he called to let me know he was keeping informed about how I was doing.  I have never had to wait to be seen.  Treats the patient like a human being!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4KaM6SxsR6q6qOtzBmUGlw	I am the daughter of a surgeon and raised around medical professionals - needless to say, I am picky about choosing a doctor.  Dr. Tsai was the internal medicine specialist who oversaw my recovery at Hoag Hospital 10 years ago, so when I was in trouble and needed a primary physician I found him again.  He is an excellent doctor, very compassionate and thorough.  So happy to have found him again - couldn't recommend him more highly.  Dr. Tsai really takes time with his patients, and is an excellent communicator;  I can't say enough about the level of care he provides.  The office is immaculate, and Dr. Tsai makes sure that his front office staff is responsive and courteous - They are all amazing!  I am especially thankful to George who ensured that my first appointment was scheduled very soon after my first call to the office.	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HlSY9wRk4DaloccpUgRktA	I saw Dr. Tsai  for the first time today. I have a lot of medical issues and he sat down with me and took his time going over everything! (30 minutes or more) what doctor does that these days? I loved him!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8gMMNpYfjse0heVj_x10aQ	Dr. Tsai is professional, thoughtful and humorous to discuss with my wife and me for all what we need to know. He knows what you want and shows you the best he can do. Even it's the first time we've been here, we would love to recommend to see him in the future. To visit an office closed to Newport Beach area is great. His fluent tri-lingual English, Chinese even Taiwanese would help. Enjoy it!	2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Xgd8FeWNr5BIMqPYwGb-EQ	My husband and I both see Dr. Tsai.  He is a wonderful, caring physician who has great medical knowledge and communicates his concerns well to his patients. Bottom line is he cares!! When My husband and I were out of the country for many months, he called us in Costa Rica to ask how we were, when we were coming back and that we needed bloodwork and flu shots when we returned to the LA area. He always give us a personal call about x-ray and bloodwork results. We moved to Palm Desert and Dr. Tsai remains our internist. We drive in just to see him! Great doctor- great office staff!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=k6NtVTlnhhyalSJdMFBoLQ	I have been seeing Dr. Tsai for a few years now. He is great.    I went to see another 5 doctors before I  knew  Dr. Tsai.  I was not happy with the other doctors, as either long waitings --1 hour in the office to wait to see Dr. , or when I needed to see Dr. urgently, but the earliest  appointment taht I got  is after 1 week, or when I call Dr. in the midnight for urgent question, the Dr. was not happy and asked me to go to uegent care..  .While to Dr. Tsai,  no such problem at all.  If I need to see Dr. Tsai urgently , I can get the appointment the next day, even the same day. And every time , when I am in the Dr.s's office , I can see Dr. in less than 10 mins, not long waiting... After my exams, Dr. Tsai calls me diectly when he gets the result, either the result is good or not...  About 2 years ago, I called Dr. tsai about 12:30am, when I got emergency situration , Dr. Tsai  answered  my phone very nicely  and helped me out..This is the Doctor that we patients need.  I would  recommend to anyone.	11 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M3su75lFL49zP7cMWEXdPQ	If your looking for a great doctor that will listen and not just prescribe you a bunch of meds to cover your symptoms then Dr Tsai is your man. Highly recommend!	3 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=N8svLekMMH6ZJ9n8kq7oFw	I was referred to Dr. Tsai by Dr. Huong at HOI.  I am so grateful to have found him because he is kind, patient and caring with my father, who is difficult, at best.  He is responsive and is always there for us.  This type of doctor is rare.  Lindsay, Katie and George, his office staff, are FANTASTIC.  Great, clean office and free parking.  The perfect experience.  I highly recommend Dr. Tsai.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=otvdxp7x5Mv9wMwoGVUpsg	Finally, I've met a doc who actually genuinely cares about my health and believes in lifestyle changes as opposed to pushing pills. Didn't rush me and addressed all my concerns with care. Straightforward approach. So refreshing!!!!	4 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3pt3PvkgP_zhM2RYYXC1JQ	Dr. Tsai is an incredibly professional, personable, and accessible physician. I have been seeing Dr. Tsai for several years now and so has my family. AMAZING and BEST DOCTOR EVER!!	8 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4ZkaFdClnBn_M_3woyR1vQ	One of the best doctors I've been to since back when I had a pediatrician.  He was my doctor when I moved down to Irvine for school, right when I was in the middle of having Mono and he was great and offered the best services.  He was very convenient when it came to re-filling prescriptions and often didn't need to see me when I knew what my symptoms were and what I needed.  Hands down.  best.	7 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JD-K7iykkhwfQ7dHKteTvQ	I have seen doctor Tsai for the last 10 years and he is an exceptional human being beside being a great doctor. I have referred a lot of my friends to him and they have all thanked me every time they talk about him. If you want a doctor who cares deeply about your case, he is the one!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ibdEGVWHxgQ3NYVHOiqGSA	Professional, reliable, courteous, listens well. A quality physician in my experience with him over the years.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VJ_DtqG7jH955UoVxy1TxA	We recently moved to Irvine. We were looking for a family physician. We found Dr. Mikhail through yelp. After reading reviews, I made an appointment. I got an appointment in dec 2014. After scheduling an appointment, got a call from his office. They changed my appointment from December to Feb 2015. I went to my appointment, Dr. Mikhail was not friendly at all. He entered the room, and asked few questions. It looked like he was in hurry. I had few questions for him, and tried to ask him. He did  answer the questions.... Like .. Ok, u can do it.  He didn't explain at all. He spent less than 10 mins with me..It was my first appointment with him. I am not going there again..Looking for a doctor who can listen to his/her  patient. Not just enter and leave and send a big bill to his patient..Very disappointing	16	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uag9_ZS6an3AuwbZYp0ANg	I rescheduled an appointment, and I waited for it 15 days. when I finally reached that day, they call me and said that the doctor is going to leave early , and we have to reschedule you for another appointment. They gave me another appointment after 6 days . They didn't send me a massage or remind me about the time of my new appointment. I came late while I am thinking I came early because I thought my appointment was afternoon same time as my old appointment . When I said I will wait for the doctor, they said he can't see you today we have to reschedule a new appointment. When I complained about what happened, they didn't care . I wasted my time when I waited for them, and I think you should not waste your time too for nothing or something you can get it faster anywhere else.	10	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t7UWazWkHSSoMAjxBh4YBA	After having migraines for over a month and many urgent care visits, I found this Dr and made an appointment.  he was able to find what caused it right away.  Within a few days of treatment, I was migraine free!! Can't be more grateful!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rdykGZNdOsBwkKsRhAMrzA	Dr. Mikhail is the best primary physician we have ever had.  My husband and I both see him for our primary care and we love him.  He is so professional and really takes great care of both of us and we do have some medical issues.  He is so thorough and really has great attention to our results and always explains everything in detail. His office is beautiful and his office staff is friendly, very helpful and great with patients.  We moved out of the area but we still drive to see Dr. Mikhail. He's worth it.  Highly recommend him for your primary care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hKCJC_lpncBkHk4tw6y_DQ	I have tried several primary care physicians over the last few years and never have been satisfied.  Dr Mikhail and his staff are awesome. I did not have to wait for my appointment. Jamie was very pleasant and efficient. I did not have to wait long to see Dr Mikhail.  He was clearly interested and listened to my concerns and made me feel at ease. He was considerate of my feelings, but very thorough. Friends of mine who are MD's recommended him and go to him themselves. They did not steer me wrong.  I highly recommend Dr Mikhail. He and his staff literally make you feel like you are their most important patient.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OwSp8HB9lpltn8jUXvI-yA	I have been a patient of Dr. Mikhail's for several years now and I always liked his medical philosophy and bedside manner. I give the office one star as they do not follow through with getting the necessary approvals for medications, and apparently keep the doctor in the dark. I emailed Dr. Mikhail directly through NextMD and he merely defended his office to the point of being belligerent with me via email and even dropping me as a patient. I guess I had the temerity to criticize his staff and not worship the ground that he and they walk on. Steer clear and find another physician.	11 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WiIBpnzWGyRiyLxDN4eUJg	Dr. Mikhail is amazing!  I have been his patient for about 5 or 6 years.  He is pleasant, professional, knowledgeable and gives exceptional service.  He answers all my questions without making me feel like they are stupid questions and never rushes through the appointment.  I refer friends and family to him all the time!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BNzNyx8mJNZGGZ7olJB5ng	I have been seeing Dr. Mikhail as my primary care physician for over 10 years. In every interaction, he has been highly competent, knowledgeable, and efficient. He listens well, responds promptly and appropriately, and always provides an exceptional level of care. His front and back office staff are pleasant and professional. I highly recommend Dr. Mikhail to anyone seeking a good internist or primary care doctor. I feel that he really listens to my concerns and is willing to work with me to find solutions that I am comfortable with. If you like to actively participant in your health and healthcare decisions, you will find Dr. Mikhail very easy to work with..I read the negative reviews on this site and, while I respect the opinion and experience of the reviewers, I was left shaking my head because the reported experiences were 180 degrees opposite from my own. If you are looking for a new doctor, you should consider making an appointment to meet Dr. Mikhail.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SGHX8vUS_umljHX-CO2MEg	I'm a new patient with Dr. Mikhail, and I have to agree with all the other reviewers about how great of a doctor he is.  No question there.  But I also want to take a minute to say how great the staff of Maria, Jamie and Stephanie are.  They are one of the best medical staffs I've dealt with in years.  Super quick, responsive and they know their stuff.  I wish all the other doctors I have to see had such great staffs.  They make dealing with the medical bureaucracy simple and easy.  Two thumbs up for these great ladies!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=m_YwEpQfIagxCExCBF7FnA	Dr. Mikhail is an extremely competent internist. I am a long time patient and followed him to his new office. Brand new building with lots of parking. .Dr. Mikhail has a great manner about him and I feel truly cares about me as a patient. He's very intuitive but also a great listener. I believe he has won doctor of the year for several years in the greater Newport area. He is also well credentialed and went to USC Medical school. .His front desk and nursing staff is also very professional and helpful. I highly recommend Irvine Internal to anyone in need of medical attention.	8 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aRdmt3NNIoweqkRl_M1U4g	If you're looking for a doctor who can quickly and accurately address your medical needs, then Dr. Mikhail is the one for you.  First, his staff...awesome, sweet, and really friendly.  Second, his office...little or no wait time...and it's very clean.  Third...most important...Dr. Mikhail is the ultimate medical professional.  Dr. Mikhail has been my primary doctor for over 8 years and I can't imagine going anywhere else...even after I moved away from the area last year.  He listens to your medical issue/s and can quickly and accurately diagnose best method of treatment (all with calm and ease).  I've never felt rushed or pressed to end my visits.  Rather, he takes the time to ask how I am doing and listens intently to what my medical concerns are.  I always (ALWAYS) leave his office feeling great about how I was treated by Dr. Mikhail and his staff.  .A really good way to learn more about Dr. Mikhail is to google his name.  You will immediately notice how highly rated he is.  And all the comments pretty much say the same things...he's a great doctor, awesome practice, caring, accurate diagnosis, knowledgable, etc., etc.  No joke, he's that good!!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2lLboX_VbKSYNuXaDE3ZEw	Dr. Mikhail has been my primary physician for over 10 years now.  He is always available and takes his time during my visits, answering and explaining any and all concerns that i may have..I have recommended his practice to many friends and I'm always pleased to hear from them that their experience was a pleasant one..I highly recommend Dr. Mikhail and his wonderful staff.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aZ3VUtQpAkLWHID_vNnniQ	I have been going to Dr. Mikhail for over almost 8 years and I can't say enough about the staff and  the doctor. I am always greeted with smiling faces! They are quick to respond to emails and phone calls and I have always felt well taken care of. If you are looking for a new doctor, you have to come see Dr. Mikhail!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=02lkdA5w4HQQAnfJ0N5rmQ	Dr mikhail is a very good dr,he diagnosed my medical issues and prescribed medication,for anything that he could not diagnose or treat,he has referred me to other specialists to sort.He is a pleasant and caring man,i have never been kept waiting like other dr's offices where you can sit at reception going gray,quick visits where he does his job,and does it well.I would definitely recommend him!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8b4eX1m5byqC9S4Q034C-g	Dr. Mikhail and his office staff have redefined my expectaions of a primary care physcian. The fact that over a third of my colleagues are now satisfied patients of Dr. Mikhail's is a true testament to the care and dedication of Dr. Mikhail and the entire staff. From the efficiency of the direct communication to the Dr. with the NextMD communication portal to the professionalism and capacity of the front office I am overwhelmingly pleased. On more than one occasion I have thanked Dr. Mikhail for his positive influence to my overall well being. Physicals, blood work and the routine maintenance of my quasi active middle aged body seems so much more of an important priority when you have the support of a Dr. like Emad Mikhail.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=D0JvVDaEhL6m2KQHEphj6A	I just changed to Dr. Mikhail and just had my first consultation with him. He is pretty knowledgeable. He is a big man so kinda intimidating but he was very nice and easy going. He listened to me and addressed all my concerns. He did not dismiss any of my concerns as not relevant. The office staff made me feel very comfortable and the nurse was very nice too.  I think I will be ok with this new office !		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XroJzFx2loa3VyfPEYvjkw	Dr. Mikhail is awesome.  Professional, thorough and caring.  He is not a chatterbox, but he is friendly.  He is after all a doctor, not a hair stylist.  His office staff is great - Maria and Jamie are super friendly and helpful!  Ed H.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L1Nfha0MgF5VfW4PHDiEVA	Dr Mikhail is my primary doctor and he is amazing!! He never rushes me or brushes any questions off. He makes me feel comfortable and is always asking how I am doing. He is very professional and always has an answer for all of my questions without any hesitation. He also emails you through Next MD so that you don't have to deal with calls and callbacks. I never have to wait weeks or months to get an appointment with him, they have worked with me and fit me in depending on my schedule. He is wonderful and everyone I've met in his practice. Highly recommended!!	4 3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Yh5q2mxjKEujQaeu5aEGCg	I once walked in on this doctor yelling at and berating his receptionist like she was a little school girl when he thought no one was watching. He also used a term to refer to her that was sexist and inappropriate in any work setting. I was so shocked by what I saw that I nearly walked out. I had to be seen that day since I was in pain but really wish I could have just left and never come back.  When she tested my blood pressure (normally perfect) it was through the roof just because of what I witnessed and how awful it was! His poor staff member was visibly shaken up and very upset when I asked her if she was ok.  I had a feeling that his staff receive this kind of abuse from him on a regular basis when no one is looking. I just happened to walk in into an empty reception room to witness this scene.  The doctor has also been rude to me personally and dismissive of my concerns. One time when another doctor told me to get some tests done at my primary care doc (Dr. Mikhail), Dr. Mikhail told me in a very rude tone of voice that I should go back to my other doctor and tell him that he isn't his errand boy and if he needs tests done he needs to do them himself. In addition to these absolutely awful instances of rudeness and unacceptable behavior to patients and staff, Dr. Mikhail acts in a very self important kind of way, is very dismissive of patient concerns, believes he knows best about everything, and is generally unpleasant with a terrible bedside manner.	9 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=549UzJpdy_naeu2uLEc-RA	Dr. Mikhail has always taken his time and addressed my concerns.  He is very caring and very professional.  I have recommended Dr. Mikhail to a few friends and their experience was the same.  His staff is courteous and very friendly.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=91Mo2-qrDaZsFC2zM8Yuqw	Okay. So I've never personally been able to call an office and have the doctor pick up immediately rather than the receptionist or a nurse. Here at Dr. Chang's office, whenever he has a free moment, he isn't checking his email or staring at the pretty view outside their windows, but instead he is sitting at the front desk fielding calls! He answers your questions and tries to be as informative on the phone even before you come into his office. His specialty of being a family doctor definitely shows - his bedside manner is great, he makes you feel like a human, and takes everything you say into consideration. No brushing off of any feelings or concerns. He takes his time and does a great job. He works with his patients, with or without insurance, and from what I can tell has a huge heart - pulling long hours to make sure his patients are taken care of even after having been moved to other hospitals..I came in for a simple immunization - tetanus (plus whooping cough apparently) and a MMR. The MMR shot was actually more painful than the tetanus shot, leading me to believe it was just because of where it was injected. The tetanus was surprisingly quick and relatively painless - it's like an ant bit you in the arm. The days after admittedly sucked, when my arm felt like I had worked out for 24 hours with 100 pound weights. But that isn't Dr. Chang's fault! .All in all, if I had to get another check up I would come back to Dr. Chang. He is awesome, cares about his patients, is attentive and informative, and all in all is a great doctor. If I live in SoCal after I have kids I would definitely bring them to Dr. Chang.	6 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rtKPtay5WWTFt7DmJRGcxQ	Dr. Chang has been my PCP for over two years now and I couldn't ask for a better doctor. He is kind, caring, meticulous and has great bedside manner. .On the very first appointment, he spent over an hour going through my medical history asking many questions and carefully noting them down - this was very different from the experiences I have had with other doctors who seemed to want to spend as little time as they could with you rushing to go see the next patient. As another reviewer noted, I never felt rushed through by Dr. Chang - he spends enough time listening to you to properly understand what your problem is before prescribing a treatment for you unlike some doctors who make you wait an hour in the room only to come see you for a couple of minutes and give you a prescription / treatment without fully understanding your symptoms. .Also, he is easy to get hold of - via email and phone - even after hours when necessary. I was extremely impressed when I received emails personally written by him detailing my lab results. .I have been extremely happy with Dr. Chang so I have recommended him as the primary care physician to my wife. She likes him too..If you are looking for a PCP in the Irvine area, I highly recommend him..09/24/2015 UPDATE:.It has been a few years, Dr. Chang is my primary care physician. Every time I get a chance to deal with him - be it in an office visit, or on the phone, I can't help but feel how lucky I am to have him as my PCP. Excellent doctor!	9	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JgILjCA0Y4zbeM4lLmFqAw	I was a bit skeptical about this doctor because there were absolutely no reviews about him anywhere. Since he was in the building next to my hospital, I just strolled on in.  .The office I stepped into had a feng shui cozy feeling.  There were sofas with pillows and piano music!! I felt so relaxed there.  Whenever I go there, I never have to wait more than 5 minutes. Fast, relaxing, and the staff here are great. Very friendly and they care about you..I have a thyroid problem and trust me, it's such a hassle to go to the doctors.  But I really do enjoy going here for my check ups and follow ups, etc. Also, Dr. Chang really takes the time to get to know you.  I really like how he doesn't just come in, asks what's wrong, gives you a prescription, and leaves.  Another thing is that my thyroid problem gives me a bunch of other issues and Dr. Chang actually calls specialists FOR me and see if they accept my insurance.  I would give this place a 10 star if I could! :)	10	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=woaYGTB15DBz0MqiMMaGYA	Dr. Chang is an amazing doctor. He is extremely attentive and will spend as much time as needed to answer any questions. I never feel rushed and always feel comfortable with his recommendations and suggestions.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ApV5mSN003hvu_BxymREXg	I went there for regular check up. .Dr. Chang was very professional and helpful..He can speak Korean and english so it might be an good info for some korean people as well..Good job you guys and keep it up.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g6V07grIL1eQHSK5Ux3TJQ	Dr Chang is an amazing doctor. He is patient, attentive and very considerate. I have allergy problems and there is time he just asks me to come and have him take a look. He is awesome. I wished I still live in the area.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dlbSu-8NhDPLzq8s2TQBKw	Dr. Albert Chang of Irvine is an incredibly attentive PCP. Not only does he take the time to listen to patients, but he ensures he understands and takes whatever amount of time is needed to respond to all questions. Once when I called a little after hours (to leave a message), he answered the phone himself and handled my request on the spot. He also responds to e-mails (once on a Sunday!), so is particularly appreciated when I'm traveling across the country or even out of the country..My wife and I are very pleased with Dr. Chang's care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DVvy5H3zqqomXzs9FXvi6A	very kind doctor, I was very impressed with his staff and how professional Dr. Chang was. I left his office with a sense of relief that I finally have found a doctor who cares about my health and not just about collecting co-pays!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U6mZBmoy1UKiNhk_YfT3PQ	I was impressed with Dr. Chang.  I fear doctors (since I was young) and he made me feel pretty comfortable.  I didn't even feel the needle when he checked my blood - I absolutely HATE needles.  He is also genuinely concerned about the patient - he wants to get to the problem and take care of it.  He takes his time talking to the patient and works with them if they don't have insurance.  I have recommended him to my friends - everyone likes him.  His assistant, Christina, is also very helpful.  His practice is very professional.  Unlike some doctors, I find Dr. Chang not only to be knowledgeable in his practice but very caring and honest - very human!  .Iris S.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1GSs3wxFqeV8ox78MoUs8A	Front office staff is completely inept and does not care about patients.  Cannot speak for Dr. Chang since I have not been able to get an appointment.  I had an appointment scheduled, then they could not find it in their system.  New appointment would be 2 weeks out even though it was their mistake.  They said they are "just too busy."  Very poor service.  Steer clear.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8GOay0Tx8oJ-9ow3y2VYQg	I became a fan of Dr. Chang's the moment I called his office.  As Ellen C. mentioned, Dr. Chang answered the phone.  Even on the phone, he was very pleasant and very helpful, but, even more so, during my first appointment with him.  He is the only doctor that I've ever been to who did not make me feel like I was on some timed game show ("quick tell me everything...you've got 10 seconds...go!).  Dr. Chang sat down and took the time to gather all my information and to address all my concerns.  He is very soft spoken and has a very compassionate nature about him.  His assistant, Christie, has some skills, too.  She drew my blood and gave me a shot and I hardly felt anything!  I would have to say that this is the best doctor's visit experience that I've had.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8e_Y3Ux87DAywHFodFdHTA	Dr. Chang is an excellent and caring doctor, but Jessica who works at the front desk is the worst I have seen. I called the doctor's office to make an appointment for a cholesterol blood test which doesn't require to see Dr. Chang.  Jessica on the phone gave me an appointment time for the next day, which is today. I went to the office on time and waited and waited. 1.25 hrs later I was still waiting so I asked Jessica at the desk why every time I went to Chang's office for an appointment, the wait exceeded an hour which is uncommon. Her response was 1) the doctor ordered her to schedule patients this way so don't talk to her about this, go talk to him, 2) change doctor if I don't like it. She then accused me of lying in saying that I have a scheduled appointment & I was a mere 'walk-in' until I showed her the calling log on my cell, and she was the who gave me the appointment time on the phone! In hindsight,  I was wondering why she didn't ask me for my name when booking me on the phone, I was the one who told her my name when she was about to end the call. She is as incompetent as she is rude, and does great injustice to the good doctor.	20 10 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=itRV-PECBiUfwyzHtbuYpw	Dr. Chang has been our family doctor for quite a few years now and I have only positive things to say. In an era where the quality of medical care has decreased, Dr. Chang's office, including the staff, is a breath of fresh air. He will take as much time as you need yet they will always find a way to fit you in to their busy practice. The only reason I have selected 5 stars is because Yelp doesn't offer 10! And you can bring your children and teens here with full confidence of individualized professional healthcare.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c50RgrMdifmvLdVeJe0nsQ	called this place cause it had good rating but sadly they are not taking new patients	1 3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WRJeUJFp0GWxGp8IWvrlOg	I had to revise my initial 5 star review of Dr. Mikhail based on my second annual visit. I am disheartened and disappointed at the dismissive way I was treated in bringing up a medical issue that I told him about. Long story short I told him about this issue and his exact words were"Well we won't worry about that right now." He didn't even bother to speculate or recommend me to a specialist for it. He simply ignored the fact that there was an issue..If you ever hear a doctor say this please get a second opinion immediately! I am now in recovery from having surgery to correct that issue.  It was another doctor (one that I found using Yelp reviews) who identified this issue immediately during a routine check up without me telling him about it yet and suggested I surgically remove the problem before it became a bigger problem. I agreed given that the problem had become larger within the last number of months..Again I'm very disappointed because I thought I had found a great doctor in Dr. Mikhail but any doctor that can dismiss an issue so readily is one that I can't trust with my health.	21 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4cvhwHEtUamx4xoTtMM_VA	I have had the best experience every time I have gone into this office.  They are very professional, courteous, and attentive.  The front desk is always professional and do a great job of follow up.  Dr. Mikhail is great.  He is very knowledgeable, helpful and caring.  He follows up very well with my pharmacy and with me to make sure I am ok..He is truly amazing.  He answers my email questions promptly.  I can always make an appointment and go in without waiting for days and weeks for callbacks.  .I would recommend Dr. Mikhail to ALL my friends.  I have recommended him to a few of them and they have had the same great experience I had.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uYrt5Sm7B1B23X3V1KVc_w	Dr. Mikhail was recommended to me by a close friend. From my first appointment, Dr. Mikhail was attentive and very invested in making sure he found solutions to my medical problems. His office consistently followed up with me and Dr. Mikhail, himself, makes himself available to answer all my questions and concerns whether I call or email him. I highly recommend his office to anyone who wants a doctor that has a great deal of knowledge and experience. Dr. Emad Mikhail is the definition of professionalism.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7S2DUKEqbIOLpqPjp-0_nQ	Dr. Mikhail has been my physician for 5 years now. He is a very caring very attentive doctor who is genuinely concerned about his patients. Dr. Mikhail is very thorough with what he does and makes sure that he address all concerns, you never feel rushed.  His office staff are always kind and very professional (exactly what you want from a dr's office). I would and have recommended Dr. Mikhail to all my friends and family.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l-AI-S0Yc8yKxcgvRfV_9Q	Dr. Mikhail has been my doctor for many years now. I have gone through 4 other doctors before him and he is by far the most knowledgable, professional and caring doctor that I have ever dealt with. He always takes time to answer all my questions and is very thorough. Highly recommended!	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=H2BtaNHgD9A2W76U3KFc7A	I Woke up this morning with a terrible pain in my ear, called dr. Mikhael and even though it is fathers day and Sunday, he met me at his practice and took care of my  pain. Now this is dedication,u cannot find doctors like this nowadays. Great job doc.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VcIj0rhsMBfWZSJdDB_Hpw	Dr. Mikhail is a very professional doctor with a great amount of empathy. His thoughtful listening, calm manner and firm suggestions, make him one of the best doctors I have had ever known. I am very satisfied and assured under his care. His office staff, Kelly and everyone else are also helping, polite and courteous.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JsYYPBUVEZ_-0G7FirUMBA	Dr. Mikhail and his staff take excellent care of both my wife and me.  He listens and does not rush.  His staff are excellent.  Always feel like I am in the best of hands with him as my primary care physician.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mqxE9StGVUR2iyFf7SjwLQ	Dr Albert Chang, he is one of the best primary doctor, very caring, listen to all your concern and give you the best attention!.He always returning call and he works on saturday too (for emergency/sick).	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QMExXzhLmeDgcAgPxtRGJg	Dr is okay but he is always in a rush. Staff is very non professional and unorganized though. You have to keep calling for prescriptions, refills, referrals. They lost my important paper work twice		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=k5NEB72aG-UEUlJLKKVCDA	My husband (First Health PPO) and both of my parents (on Medi Medi) are at Dr. Chang and use him as a primary care physician. He has great referrals, has caring mannerisms, is thorough, and affordable. Sometimes, it is hard to get through but if you speak korean, they will fast track your call (SOMETIMES) to a Korean speaker. I highly recommend him.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Fy4Xor3yDnrlzrH-O46NEw	We moved from Wisconsin to CA last year and I found Dr. Chang from Yelp. Truly amazing doctor from A to Z.  We connected from A to Z.  If there is a perfect person, here is one.  Well, almost.  My wife is Korean but I am not.  So I endorsed him not because of language, at least I don't speak a word of Korean at all.  Anyway, I understand when people gave him great review. I saw one negative guy said about the people who gave him great reviews were his friends or he bought us off.  Said what you want to say.  Nobody paid me a dime to tell me what to say on Yelp, period. I am 66 years old, and I don't lie on Yelp as I rarely do feedbacks on Yelp.  Anyway, I totally trusted him as a doctor and as a human being.  We saw him 2 times. The first time he spent extraordinarily long time to go over wife's health issues, even on a very busy day.  The second time was much faster because the test lab report came back with good results.  Btw, we found out even where he practiced long time ago, and we talked socially too.  What else, he is just too far away from where we live, about 15 minutes drive. So that part is not ideal, but it is not a reason to give him less Stars than 5.  Lastly, wife wishes that he has money to replace the older sofas in the receptionist area.  I don't care for that but it shows that he is not making good money from us to pay for new sofas.  I just LOVE this man..God bless you guys who choose him as your PCP.  He truly cares.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mE091Q5tR9ErX9wU5LuzDw	I was very glad to find a GP that's within network and had a great rating. Plus I needed a blood test urgently and his receptionist kindly squeezed me in for a next day appointment. Although my appointment was squeezed in, Dr. Chang took his time to answer all of my questions and took care all of my medical needs. I was also surprised to find that I didn't even have a copay for a in-network GP. Previously I had to pay nearly $400 for an initial GP visit and $230 for followup visits. I am extremely happy and just wish Dr. Chang will not move..If your primary language is Korean and don't speak English fluently, you will have no problem communicating with Dr. Chang since he speaks fluent Korean.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vFFt_NMfNOf5T1p_B2c0mQ	Once again Yelp did not let me down.  We were looking for a family practitioner in the area and simply chose the one in our network with the highest and most ratings and over the following year experienced firsthand some of the most outstanding patient care we've ever seen.  So it's not a surprise that his A+ ratings on all the major physician review websites i.e. ., ., etc. concur with the ones you see here..Being a physician myself, I trained under physicians of various specialties and have seen the gamut of personalities, styles, and quality of care.  Considering all these factors, Dr. Chang ranks top 1% IMO.  The three most striking things about the way he practices I'd say are his:.1) Thoroughness - His history-taking and physical exams are focused and succinct. Yet, when it comes to the diagnostic process, he leaves no stone unturned and explores all possibilities, but within reason, not in excess (no, he does not practice "cover-your-a**"/CYA medicine like some docs I know)..2) Demeanor - Not an outgoing guy (but since when does that matter?), he is clearly affable, and you are comfortable from the first minute on.  Not a moment of awkwardness.  He conducts his conversations (both medical and casual), physical exams, nurse orders, etc. with professional ease.  He's the type of guy who probably wouldn't show signs of stress until the walls were burning down (God forbid).  .3) Dedication - Several times my wife had important labs pending and sometimes results wouldn't come in til later in the day.  Rather than easily waiting til the next day to communicate the results to us, Dr. Chang would sometimes call us as late as 7 or 8pm (with our permission) just to put us at ease.  (Man I hope he isn't seeing patients or handling paperwork that late in the day.  I'd say he deserves a few weeks in Tahiti.)  And despite running a busy practice, he is somehow almost always able to accommodate us if we have an urgent issue with a same day appointment!  .Sadly, thanks to Obamacare, our employer's health insurance networks changed, Dr. Chang became out of network for us, and we were forced to choose a different PCP.  That and we had moved out of Irvine.  One day, we hope to be able to somehow go back to Dr. Chang.  .Lastly, did I mention the beautiful view of Irvine Valley from their office high in the Hoag Irvine tower?  Once again, darn you Irvine!  JK.	10 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SBT0S52KBu9anyy6Q_lORQ	How does this doctor have a rating this high? I wonder if he just got a bunch of his buddies to write him glowing reviews. His care is substandard and he is just another example of all these PCPs that simply don't care. You would be better off using webMD. All he cares about is his professional fees he collects from having lots of patients. We only tried him out because he speaks Korean but we would be better off going to any English speaking doctor that actually cares.	4 3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T_zYsxXWcDpu5nRBET4nEQ	This was my first physical in years and I am so happy I found Dr Chang. His bedside manner is rare these days. He was funny, extremely caring, conscious of my budget even went as far as to look up which blood tests my insurance covers and scheduled me to come into their office on a SATURDAY for my convenience. So glad I found a dr that I feel comfortable with and a dr who makes an effort to get to know his patients. HIGHLY recommend him to anyone living in the area.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LfrQWJ-Oshe1x_Fcg4Digg	Dr chang is extremely knowledgable and detailed! He is a genuinely good doctor and I'm glad I found him on yelp! Will be my permanent family doctor from now on	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=22gzXLG4SGDKQNuKZWWGvA	Dr chang was great! He took his time to answer all my questions with no rush. Explained everything to me in great detail. I would recommend him to my whole family and I recommend anyone reading this to give him a shot.  I know he'll take care of you	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZnNuGwbns1KQrjJayLst_Q	I went in for a physical and to get some titers done, and my experience was great! I want to start out saying that I was happy that their office is open on Saturdays as well, which is great for people who work full time during the week.There were 2 ladies at the front desk that were friendly when I arrived and I was promptly taken into a room at my appointment time. I also did not have to wait long until I met with Dr. Chang. I had a great experience with Dr. Chang in that he was thorough and took his time with me, and did not seem like he was in a rush to get out of the room. The nurse? (Christie (sp?)) was also very friendly and the blood draw process was very painless. I would definitely recommend others to his office, for whatever medical needs they are looking for.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NWkMDaP-BoAhB8YlxCQFXw	Dr Chang is amazing! I got rush for 4 days and not sure it was egzama or allergy, he is patient to ask details of many things! And he decided to give me a shot for allergy, and it was exactly right! After the shot, I was fine.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZqkkgTTVfb-Y38tL_IAYSA	Dr. Chang is the epitome of what a primary care physician should strive to be. He's down-to-earth and attentive when addressing any concerns I  have mentioned. His office provides blood lab work and vaccines among other other things. The medical staff is also very friendly.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BcC8WQcoZqFRmpw4bSkovA	I am so relieved to have found Dr Chang. He never rushes you and you can ask any concerns you have and he will take the time to explain them nicely. He is a thorough doctor too. He went over my medical history and brought up concerns that my past doctors haven't brought up and I feel like I finally have the whole picture of my health..He is a doctor that once you are in his care, you want to stay for the long term. He always goes back to review previous labs done and he seems to go down a mental checklist to make sure you got the most of your annual physical. He is a caring doctor and wants to solve the issues at hand..I haven't had a problem with the staff, they have always been pleasant to deal with..If you haven't heard from the office about your lab results, a call to remind them is simple enough. .Highly recommended.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vma85QAN4MBbwPFPrsvO5g	I have never had a doctor as caring for a patient as Dr. Chang.  He takes time explaining my condition to me.  One time, I got a call from him at 7pm just to tell me the result of my blood exam.   My condition is not that critical too.  I only have a high cholesterol level.  He took the time to advice me on things I need to do to lower it.  How many doctors will call you at 7pm to do that?  .There was also an occassion last month when I was running a fever and I called his office around 10am.  He answered the phone (yes, he is so down-to-earth that he also answers the phone if he can) and told me to come in at lunch time.  I just feel blessed to have found such a doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hEKJOGSlxvCVM0AHzwwmxQ	If you can deal with his rude office staff, zero return phone calls, zero return emails, then you'll be okay.  Dr. Chang spent time listening and seemed to understand enough about my health.  Although the complete lack of communication may be enough for me to go else where.	9 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1ZytIw6Hr8SN_arz1p4cAw	Dr Chang is a very nice, down to earth doctor. He really takes time to listen to patients. Each time I came over, it always never a rush with him. Though the assistant Christine can be moody sometimes, which make you uncomfortable at time,  I still think it worth my time to his office.  I think other girls are working at the  front desk now that Christine went back to school. The only complain( minor one) I have is waiting for the lab results  can be painful sometimes, it can takes up to 3 days for dr Chang to call back because the slow lab responded..  In my opinion, visiting a private doctor who know how to run his/her business is much more pleasant than a large medical groups. It always a mess with the staffs. So many unhappy hate their jobs people at those places,  I am telling you from my experiences.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eoCo90gwWwJiOCdwMWI1SQ	If you are lucky to get fit into his ultra busy practice, consider yourself fortunate. .My initial impression wasn't at all what I discovered after I had the opportunity to be a patient for more than a month.  Today, December 28, 2011,  his recommendation saved me hundreds of dollars on my future outpatient treatments.  Need I say more?	5 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_ot66TX_ek1r_Czom5slcQ	I am always nervous about medical appointments, but my first visit at Dr Chang's office was very positive. .Contrary to a few other reviewers, I appreciated Mitzi the receptionist's patience and kindness with me when I asked her many questions about insurance (that I had never gotten a chance to even ask at other PCP offices). .Consistent with most other reviewers, I really enjoyed my time with Dr Chang. For once (and I have seen many different doctors over the years), I felt invited to air all my health concerns (vs. typical doctors who are so rushed and distant that my mind often goes blank out of sheer intimidation). Now I understand what another reviewer mentioned about Dr Chang having excellent bedside manner: he was patient, thoughtful, and engaged as I tried to describe my symptoms; had a sense of presence that reassured me and helped me have courage to confront some of my fears. He was not overly chatty - but still very friendly and professional. Definitely five stars!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=se7NxF6aDBG-jgudPLM5ww	I had been searching for a PCP for a while, and saw reviews on here for Dr. Albert Chang in Irvine, CA.  I called several offices to find a PCP that could do my annual physical soon, most offices could not see me for several weeks out. One office even wanted me to schedule a consult, then come back another day for the physical (two visits). Dr. Chang's office could see me in just a couple days..I was looking for a doctor that wouldn't rush me and only want to talk about one issue. I went to see Dr. Chang last week for my annual physical and to discuss a few other issues. Dr. Chang really takes his time with you, listens to all your concerns and is very informative. I had MANY questions and he actually addressed every one of them. Before I went, I made a list of all my medications and medical history, and Dr. Chang went through the list very thoroughly. I did not feel rushed at all..I just called the office (on a SATURDAY) to find out my blood test results from last week, the staff put me on hold only for a couple minutes, then Dr. Chang picked up and talked with me for a while. He patiently went through every test one by one, explained what every result meant and how to improve my numbers for anything that was slightly elevated. He recommended not to take medications that I didn't need to and what the plan was going forward for anything that was abnormal..I felt Dr. Chang has exceptional chair side manner and I would definitely recommend him to anyone..I would just add that the women at the front desk sometimes seem a little inconsiderate and insincere, but Dr. Chang's service makes the office worth it.	9 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tQ4ih6ni1kZ4cfI92oAhJg	Dr. Scott is by far the best doctor I have ever had.  She is very thorough and takes her time.  He bedside manner is top notch.  She is super patient and very personable.  The nurses and the rest of the staff operate on the same level as Dr. Scott. Completely professional and top notch office.  Couldnt recommend more!!!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FRiPtBTASvN9mOfHqUeBkQ	Dr. Scott is incredible. Her office staff is nice and courteous, the wait times are totally reasonable and she is a great doctor. It's rare to find a doctor that wants to sit down and look you in the eye to figure out what is going on with you. She is the best there is.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=je7G_ZZDqqPgFyinDXkljg	I love Dr. Scott! She is very nice. I am usually shy at my doctor and I end up leaving without expressing all my health concerns. She makes sure I get everything out and feel comfortable doing so. I am glad I found her.	6 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0cOBL4-C1r_D_FlZyNcy3A	I finally found a great Doctor! Emily is great. She's down to earth and you can just tell she loves what she does. She genuinely cares and is not biased. Her staff is very professional and they are timely. I've even had to take my baby with me for my appointments and they just love on her (she's well behaved). Anyway, Emilie gave me options, not just a one road answer and I love that about her. I was hesitant to write a review because although she's the best I've ever found it would mean more people will go to her and she'll be busier next time I need an appoitment. ;) You're welcome!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FBohC5s2wtn3zMiBwbxd1g	Dr. Scott is AMAZING! She really takes her time with you, she is very thorough and on top of everything she is very relatable. I love the fact that her practice always has an MD on call, so you really don't have to go to urgent care unless an MD feels you need yo go, which I love!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vjvdjmGHwPcZbCS6mbbS2Q	No doubt 5 star rating for Dr. Scott and her incredible staff! I'm not one who likes doctors' visits, but Dr. Scott and her staff make me feel at ease and comfortable.  Dr. Scott has a great personality and very easy to talk to.  She's very compassionate, caring and efficient.  Her staff is equally efficient and caring...Dana, Jeremiah & Eddie...thank you for all that you do.  This team is the BEST!	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=A83Xl3S65Q8GnY-VS7qoiw	I started seeing Dr. Scott early last year (2015) after not having a primary care physician for over 10 years.  I never had any issues with her old medical group other than an occasional long wait, but when Dr. Scott entered the room her complete attention was on me and nothing else.  What I like most about her was her lack of desire to throw pills at every problem.  To her those were temporary solutions and she genuinely wanted to get to the root of the problem.  Quite refreshing these days.  .I was upset when I found out she left the practice.  Thankfully, through one hell of a coincidence (the chiro she shares her new office with just happened to be my chiro for the past few years), I was able to reconnect with her and sign up for her new practice.  Although financially it's tough for me, I know in the long run direct primary care will be worth it.  Let's face it, I'm not getting any younger and the thought of not having to wait three hours in an urgent care for a medication I already know I need makes me wish someone had thought of this sooner.  What I also found particularly pleasing was Dr. Scott remembered quite a bit about me despite only having two visits in the span of 12 months.  How many people can say that about a doctor??  .The new office is very nice, clean, and extremely friendly staff.  Dr. Carmona is my chiro and in a manner of speaking, saved my life 3 years ago.  I'm looking forward to a healthier me in 2016 with the help of these two providers.  I almost never write Yelp reviews, so the fact I'm taking the time to do so says something.  Highly recommend Dr. Scott.	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hS-5by8ar5xfULaw4vQnhg	Medicine done the real way...in my opinion the RIGHT WAY!  There is NO WAITING in lines.  I don't need to check in they know me by name.  It's a clean suite with bathroom access, and always hospitable(yes I'm talking about Julie). The office environment feels homey  I can always count on Emilie via phone, text, email, facetime, Twine and even does house call visits.  Blood work is done right in her office and the results are quick and easily available to you.  She spends quality time with me just to get to know ME!  She is kind, understanding and passionate about patient care and medicine.  To me that is a relationship I can count on!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5qJqhkDFjpnoThkBQ_gJ9Q	Dr Scott was the best doctor when I was going through some scary cancer stuff. She went above and beyond making sure I got all my testing done and I felt like she handled my diagnosis as if I was a close friend. She has amazing bedside manner, super sweet. I was really sad when I learned she was opening up her own practice, hopefully one day I can afford to see her again. Thank you so much Dr Scott, you were my angel during those dark times, thanks for answering all my texts and emails even after hours, you have no idea how forever grateful I'll be to you!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gwwZRH_Y7ygPEFs6rN0K1Q	The healthcare system isn't what it used to be. Our physicians are drowning in an ocean of patient need. They are rarely able to provide the care they (or their patients) would like. Doctors are frustrated. Patients are frustrated. This tension and frustration has led to a severe doctor/patient breakdown. I came across Dr. Scott after spending several hours researching physicians in the area. The reviews were very positive. I called their office and spoke with the office manager Julie. She was very kind, and spent 20 minutes answering all of my questions on the "direct primary care" model that I had never heard about. Julie scheduled a meet and greet with Dr. Scott. .When we arrived at Dr. Scott's office, there was NO WAIT. Once we arrived Julie and Dr. Scott came out to introduce themselves. My wife and I spent the next 30 minutes getting to know Dr. Scott and her passion for medicine and patient care. She has a very gentle and kind way about her, but wise and strong. A prefect balance. We decided to pull the trigger during our meeting and wanted to receive care from Dr. Scott that day! She immediately went to work and spent time getting to know our medical history and any current medical challenges we were facing. She took notes the entire time, and even forwarded a copy of them to us before leaving the office! We spent another 2 hours with Dr. Scott that day- that was a 2.5 hr meeting with our doctor. I mean... really?? UNBELIEVABLE! With all the questions we had, and the amount of tests that needed to be done, we needed that time, and Dr. Scott had no problem giving it to us.  I never felt she was in a hurry, or that a next appointment was on her mind. She never seemed distracted and welcomed EVERY QUESTION my wife and I had- and I ask A LOT of questions. Dr. Scott asks a lot of questions too, as any good doctor should in getting a clearer picture of who their patient is, and how they need to be cared for. .Dr. Scott is a breath of fresh air, and her direct care approach has restored my hope for the healthcare industry and doctor/patient relationship. I would absolutely recommend Dr. Scott as your PCP. To receive the right care, both the doctor and patient have a responsibility. Dr. Scott has taken the right step in offering the best care possible. As a patient, I needed to love myself enough to get that care and reach back. Thank you Dr. Scott. Direct Primary Care. It's the future.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aN9Wib2ZPXlVI6lAWLbhfg	Emilie and her team are a breath of fresh air in the otherwise dismal health care scene. Not only is she knowledgeable, but she is incredibly down to earth and - most improtantly - actually cares about you as a person. When was the last time you had that experience in health care?		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BDh3f7nlH-K7MZzkRwjhaQ	*Please note, this was for her old office*.I really like Dr. Scott. She is very personable and really takes time to figure out what your concerns are. I have been to see her a few times, and she's always so friendly and never tries to rush you. She will even look things up if she's not sure so she can try to help as much as possible..The only reason I am giving her office (note her office, not her) 3.5 stars is from what happened today. I injured my toe yesterday, and was concerned it was broken. I called and they said Dr. Scott was not in, but I could be seen by another person. That's fine, I didn't mind. Everyone is always very nice and accommodating, I figured it would be fine. I had an appointment at 2:40, waited to about 2:50 to be brought to the back. I get my vitals checked, asked questions about medication, allergies, etc. Pretty standard stuff. Then she leaves and says I will be seen shortly. .Now I don't exactly know what time this was, but I'm going to say 3:00 at the latest. I have some reading material with me, so I read. Get bored, start playing games on my phone. Get tired, text my friends. Check the clock, it is now 3:45. Friend suggests I open the door and peek out, so I do. No one is around -_- I walk up to the front, and they ask if I need something. I ask if someone is going to see me. They apologize and walk me back saying I will be seen soon. 1 minute later, someone comes. Ok, so from that encounter, I have come to the conclusion they FORGOT about me. /sigh Now after she came in, she was very very nice and helpful. I'm just sad that I was forgotten about; luckily I'm on my summer break, so I wasn't in a rush to go anywhere.	4 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=igEA8nqkp1eyPTW3Uw0UaA	DR Scott and staff are amazing.  DR Scott is incredibly thorough and involved with her patients.  My whole family relies on her for our healthcare.  She's super responsive and the type of DR you want taking care of you.  A complete change from any DR or medical care that we have ever had.  If she is accepting new clients, I would get in quick.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O5lP0MCSbvVsaNoQ5507cw	Where do I begin. I have seen doctor Scott for years. When she left monarch health care, I was devasted. However, after I found out what she was doing with her health practice today and joining halcyon, I was elated. I have PPO insurance but choose to come here because I can not find any other Dr like Emilie. The time, patience, and dedication towards her patients is clearly shown in her practice. It is doctors like her that keep patients informed and feeling comfortable. I look forward to seeing her and coming into her practice. Also, Julie is fantastic and just as warm and kind as Dr. Scott. Both ladies just want you to feel welcome, and they far exceed that. I am so happy that I have a membership and look forward to telling my friends and family what a great opportunity this is! Thank you Dr. Scott and Julie for everything you do.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VTTbakI8qU-BoABOW3w_Yg	I went to this doctor based upon the reviews on Yelp. Please not this is not a reflection of the doctor herself, but how things were handled..It is nearly impossible to get an appointment with Dr. Scott. So be aware you may need to put your foot down if you think it's important to see her next day. (3/5).Environment: clean, neat and quaint. (5/5).The staff was nice and wait time was less than 15 minutes before getting into the room. Dr. Scott entered and she asks a wonderful question, "how can I help you?" I explain my situation and love her personality. She followed up with, "what can I do differently than your last doctor?" Easy. I replied "follow up". Her approach to my situation is minimal which means she doesn't always fix the issue with harsh antibiotics and tries to figure out the issue by simply starting with the most likely cause that's easily treated. I liked her approach.. She orders blood tests. (4.5/5).This is where it drops... I called on Friday, 3 days after blood is drawn and see if they got my results which office said they did. I asked if they can put it in the portal (website where I can look up records). The lady told me no, they need doctors approval and doctor went home because she was sick. I said ok. (2/5).I wrote an email through the portal asking for a phone call and then called Monday to follow up. She's not there (would have been nice to know she doesn't work Monday's). I called Tuesday asked for a return call and my labs. Apparently I have to ASK for labs and charts to be put in the portal. I shouldn't have to ask to see my results they should immediately be put in my "chart". .I have yet to hear from Dr. Scott. It's been a week... No call, no email. (2/5).My frustration stems from not following up. I like Dr Scott and her approach, but if you can't follow up in a timely manner, then I'm not wasting my time. Just not sure where the breakdown of communication happened. You will like her, but understand these things might happen to you. I hope you have a better experience than I did. Average: 3.3 stars out of 5.	11	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OwqCz2gw3B3wX4GWRbxF9A	I would give six stars to Dr. Scott if it was possible.  I can't say enough about Dr. Scott. Mainly, She is not only a super caring doctor but a wonderful human being!! Never had a doctor who is not only thorough in the treatment of her patients but takes time talking to them!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hDUaOX6tGpBddfUbY-WnFQ	Dr. Scott was wonderful when I first started coming (3.5 yrs ago). However, after an ambulance ride and trip to the ER just weeks after being forgotten in her office and not seen for heart issues, I found the second major condition she/her office did not diagnose that ended up in a hospital visit, I have switched providers. It is worth mentioning that neither her nor her office manager bothered to return any of my calls, or even ask why I was leaving. Looks like she doesn't need new patients. Avoid this office!	2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MpeNrF6wacfTwLYtUiffXQ	Dr. Scott is the rare physician who stepped out of the 6-minute-per-patient grind and established her own business model so that she has the time to give her patients the attention they deserve. She cares deeply about her patients and is one of the pioneers in medicine who is changing the way medical care is delivered. Her approach is to help her patients take care of themselves better rather than wait until they have chronic illnesses and give them meds. I applaud Dr. Scott!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zwlKdySHP1rcQcHVnVfzLQ	Dr. Emilie Scott is a phenomenal doctor. In this day and age of limited access and rushed appointments,Halcyon is a practice that focuses on the patient. I am a special case- I've had debilitating fear of needles most of my life. Dr. Scott worked with me to figure out a plan that would help me have a positive and successful exam. I was amazed at how painless and stress free she was able to make my experience. I can't thank her enough.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0kXa9DUzefp4ARqUV7RsIA	I had my first appointment with Doctor Emilie Scott, MD today and am very happy to have found her. I chose her as my primary care doctor after reading her 5-star patient reviews on medical recommendation sites such as Vitals, Healthgrades and RateMD. .I am confident that I have made a great choice in choosing her. Not only was she warm, friendly and caring, she listened carefully to everything I had to say before offering guidance, an attribute that my last doctor definitely lacked. .She took her time and asked good questions to encourage me to talk about my health concerns, before quickly and efficiently approving my insurance referral to a particular local GI doctor who I wanted to see. My referral request was rung in while I waited in the pleasant, airy office and within a few minutes I had a print out confirming my referral had been accepted (a process that had taken me two weeks and multiple phone calls to chase down previously). .The staff at the practice were very friendly and seemed to enjoy working together, and the practice as a whole had a family atmosphere about it. .After the appointment I was given a password to an email system that means I can email my doctor directly if I have questions or concerns, or just need a refill, so I can avoid having to make an appointment and take hours out of my day just to ask a single question (a big pet peeve of mine). I was also handed a complete print out of my recent medical records, which has never been offered to me before and I found very interesting to read..Overall a great experience. I would highly recommend Doctor Emilie Scott to anyone!	11 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bPvXDa-Q4vONGJFlP51HEw	Dr. Emilie Scott is much more than a highly skilled physician. She embodies all the qualities one could hope for in a doctor. She is compassionate, gentle, a wonderful listener, and is truly dedicated to the well being of her patients. She listens intently, asks questions, clarifies the issues, goes through a list of possible solutions or areas for further investigation and always wants input from the patient regarding their comfort level with a variety possible solutions. Dr. Scott works with her patients. It is a collaborative effort. She makes herself available to her patients. She calls and texts her patients, even at 9:00 pm when she wants to check on how they are feeling. She amazes me with her insights as well as her abilities. I trust Dr. Scott. She cares for the heart, mind, and body of all fortunate enough to have her as their physician. Her office is designed to make patients very comfortable. It is filled with natural light, attractive furnishings, and delightful pops of color. It is a healing environment. Julie, the officer manager, always welcomes me with a bright smile and asks if I would like water or tea. Truly, this is an exceptional medical practice in every way. If one is especially fortunate, Dr. Scott's husband, who is also a physician, may be in the office. He always greets me as a friend and helps me with tech questions regarding the health app which he helped me set up on my phone. All these people have yet another wonderful attribute , a sense of humor. Laughter is truly healing healing for me. This is an amazing practice, one filled with excellent medical care, true concern for the patient, and the wonderful ability to make me feel more like a welcome visitor than a patient. I always tell Dr. Scott,."You are the best!" when I leave her office and I say it because for me she is the best..I	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZK5G6wtYeGaMJEIWcyc2Zw	I can't say enough about Dr. Scott. It's so refreshing to find a doctor who gives you her undivided attention during each and every appointment with her.  She is never distracted by the computer screen or her phone and she really listens to you with a sincere and genuine interest in your well-being.  I have found a doctor for life.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YFNBvgQxAfQh1NOY6nxVaA	I was very upset when I received the letter that you were no longer part of my medical group.  You are an amazing doctor.  You always listen and never let me leave your office until I felt happy.  Good luck on your new venture Emilie!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8g7KpCj0DPQOdILvM69taw	Dr. Scott is just simply amazing. Not only is she a great Dr but now that she has started her own practice she really spends the time with you that sometimes is needed and you don't feel like your just being rushed in & out. The staff is great as well. If you are looking for friendly attentive care this is the place. Do yourself a favor and just pay them a visit, you will NOT regret it!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Mk-D4KxtNuBYpK9022hwbQ	She's amazing, so lucky to have found her! She's very friendly and gives you a great perspective on your health concerns!  She makes you feel super comfortable and like you're sitting with a friend having a conversation.  .I wished they had later appointments, but I think docs deserve to have work/life balance too! :)	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=61cdkbhHBYUKmapDHpTyjg	Dr. Emilie Scott is one of the nicest doctors that I have had. I am a new patient, and she took the time to sit in a room with me and get to know me as well as answer all of my questions that I had. I felt comfortable with her and felt like she actually cared about my well being. I didn't have to wait long to see her at all, and the rest of the staff was nice as well. I am so happy that I found such a nice Dr.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hZe45FcTH57VkHOLkmR2_A	I cut off a chunk of my little finger a few weeks ago and went to Newport Center Urgent Care.  There were several things I liked about my experience there, among them their digital-centered new patient forms and receipt/appointment email communication, but the best was my primary caregiver's (Tawny Grossman, MSN, FMP-C) expert treatment.  She was calm (in the face of a finger spurting a surprising amount of blood) and extremely competent in fixing me up.  She kept a running dialogue regarding wound care (including nutrition suggestions -- lots of Vitamin C, zinc, and protein) and an accurate prognosis for wound healing.  .I went to another nurse practitioner in another clinic a few years ago for a nasty fingernail infection and went away with a wariness of nurse practitioner competence.  Tawny Grossman changed my mind:  all nurse practitioners are not created equal.  Kudos, Dr. Doonan, for excellent staff selection and smooth-running operation!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Vcgf1xElW8AI_0DKJtKQHQ	THE WAY HEALTHCARE SHOULD BE..This urgent care center is great. I'm a nurse myself and I felt like the staff was friendly & professional. They are patient and listen to the comprehensive problem. In our encounter, they were able to book an mri the same day, and deal with the hassle of getting the insurance approval. Lastly the center was not overcrowded, we were seen with 15 minutes of coming through the door. I highly recommend!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1xlv8dllSX8ZSyru5YswJQ	Staff is friendly and competent...when you can finally get in to see them. I've had appointments on several occasions that were simply not honored.  If the name was Non-Urgent Care they could at least avoid the charge of false advertising. .The value of visiting an Urgent Care is that you can be seen quickly for mundane medical issues. Feels like this place is a victim of its own success and has just become another doctor's office.	9	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kq0bEfz6Hy7_2Lyi9XkRcg	Our 93 year old dad had a bad fall while we were on vacation on Balboa Island. He had a large, deep cut on his lower leg. Dr. Adam Schulte did a fantastic job in treating him and took an hour carefully stitching him up. His assistant, Samantha, and Dr. Schulte provided dad with such complete and kind care. Dads primary care physician commented on.What a great job he did. Everyone at this facility was fabulous!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t6UWFGi1UC6vH_dvKV5O5A	I came in just minutes before closing. Pleased to have the staff and Dr. Doonan be so kind and considerate ( especially since they were ready to clock out! ) . Very warm yet professional atmosphere. Thumbs up!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4K6xJB_7LNGO0DwsInATQg	I chose to come here because they opened at 8am as opposed to the location near me at 10. I was seen pretty quickly, and the staff was very nice. This location was extremely clean!!! They also sent over my prescription electronically so by the time I got to the pharmacy it was ready to go. I will gladly come come back here when I'm not.Feeling well.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f12Dum5gSaUK_s1d0Xdb4w	I have been going to Dr. Doonan for the past 3 years. Not only are his nurses amazing, but he's definitely the coolest doctor I've ever had. And by "cool", I mean that he has empathy and makes you feel like you're being understood. He might also be sporting RVCA or Hurley....at all times!  Regardless of the situation, he's the Doctor that you want to see!.It's very convenient that they are also an Urgent Care....so you can go 7 days a week, until 8pm. However, I recommend making an appointment with either Doonan or Rebecca. It's with it to wait to see with one of them. And if you don't, his other doctors are equally amazing. (And they're all blonde, so don't get them confused!).Thank you Dr. Doonan!!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CMmMIOx7BgKnbPkFP-9gag	Hands down, THE best urgent care I've ever been to.  And unfortunately, I've been to quite a few.  I go to Marque in Newport Beach whenever I can't get in to see my PCP right away.  The  clinic is immaculate, the staff if super friendly and Dr. Sims is amazing.  I've never waited more than 15 minutes to be seen by a doctor and the online "check-in" feature helps speed up my wait time.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rni3BL-g61C5Bd2cRF56Sg	So much for the "peace of mind"... I really enjoyed the set up and convenience of the checking in process. The male nurse who took my vitals was a pleasure. Unfortunately, there was no close out process as it seemed the staff was in the break room and rushed me out. I was unable to login and get my medical results even after repeated phone calls for assistance. Huge 0 for customer service.	5	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UTcvLszlrvXwTWCTn-4I1Q	Waited 4 hours on a Saturday. And I was fasting for blood work. It's Monday and I get a call that they LOST MY BLOOD WORK! They "forgot" to label it... I'm anemic. This is NOT good. Very unprofessional staff. They told me I will not be charged to retake my blood work. What the hell!?? Why would they charge me for losing my blood??? I don't know what else to say. Stay clear from this place!!!!	4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5dDFLh1XHRgsMPd5F4WDmg	Came here on a Sunday for cold like symptoms as our doctors office was closed. Here's how long it took:.3pm - checkin and fill out forms (you use an iPad for paperwork - 1 extra star for that). They told me wait was 1hr-1.5hr wait. The nice thing is that you can leave and they'll call you. Other good thing is that they're across the street from Fashion Island so it's easy to kill time. .4:45pm - I get the call .5pm - we're in the room. Staff is really nice. Gotta wait some more for tests. This is hard with a 4 year old with you. .5:30pm - we're done! Woohoo! .Basically I left the house before 3pm to be seen for a cold and got home at 5:40pm. Will I be back? Only if there are no other options since this is the closest  urgent care near me. .Bottom line: Great staff but expect to wait.	2	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vrmPAEKCh3U3HE5A7JyX6Q	The doctor and staff were very caring, professional and friendly!! They immediately attended to me when I had a severe stomach virus and I already felt better after an IV and meds once I left.  It was nice to have such a positive experience at an urgent care!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HzTM1G9GINtG_2jWlgLZMA	I don't remember what day I went in to Marque, I think it was a Wednesday evening, but the experience was excellent.  The whole staff was efficient and knowledgeable.  It was convenient for me to come here rather than going to my regular doctors office. I will be recommending this place.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iAGMsjGXgIsDbal5GydjIg	I have been going to Dr. Doonan for over a year.  First of all, his office hours are the most convenient I have ever seen ... open 8am until 8pm on weekdays and until 5pm on weekends.  A doctor that is open on weekends and in the evening ... unheard of.  Next, when I make an appointment, the only time things are late is when I am running late.  He keeps his appointments ... is always on time.  Third, and most important, when he is with me, his focus is with me and what is going on with my health ... not on what is going on in the next room with another patient or with something happening in the office.  He has a truly perfect ability to make his patients feel like they are the most important person ... and it is true for everyone in my family.  I highly recommend Dr. Doonan.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YOTdbvw8p755cEmKWS6QRw	I went to Urgent Care at Newport Center this morning and was fortunate enough to meet Rebecca Heston, one of the P.A.'s. She entered the room with a big smile and was very welcoming.  I felt cared about. I went there due to a cold I have had for most of a month. She listened to my lungs and decided to order a chest xray and have a breathing treatment, and lastly, prescribed antiobiotics and cough medicine..I now know that I have a doctor's office that I can go to in the future and be cared about. I never felt rushed, which is a big deal! .Thank you to everyone at U.C. Newport Center!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SfljtGNLwHxQgQ2jAPwMzA	I have used this urgent care at least 5 times for myself and my children. The  staff is professional, friendly, and caring. I have seen the dr. as well as  the PA and have been very satisfied with each visit. The waiting area is nice and large, and the offices are clean.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BWRUiDGqOLMYPwjORVmWEg	Beyond disappointed,  former client,  horrible customer service  from one lady at front desk. Ended up going to east bluff urgent  care.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UK0VfIITlYv1iIUU0LQ_LQ	Love ..  I have been there for a variety of minor things and they are friendly, happy and above all good at what they do. Never had to wait.more than a few minutes to see the Dr. And never felt like a number or rushed. when I did. Great group	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PjDH1KUI3mmrIseKFtuJ7w	Had a cold for over 1 week so I was a walk in appointment. Signed in immediately, high tech sign in on tablets, was taken back into a room after about 15-20min wait, was then seen immediately by a nurse and shortly after the doctor and she gave me a shot and prescribed medicine. Was out in less than an hour. Plenty of free parking too! Friendly staff, nice and knowledgeable doctor and very clean and decorated office/waiting room	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8imItlhM49__StXdwle6-w	I have to update my previous review because my last 2 visits I had to wait 2 1/2 hrs and they weren't as friendly as Doonan. Seems like I never see him anymore. I'm hoping I will not have to wait as long next time when I make an appointment or it will be my last visit.	17 11 12	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Ew2ZC7ZJHqnyXjaWXvvf1w	Dr. Doonan and his entire staff are superb!!! This is the only doctor my son ever trusted or wanted to see since he was in Kindergarten. Dr. D remembers everything, and is empathetic just as a doctor should be. Rebecca is on par as well! She listens not only to adults, but to children as well. .You have the option to schedule an opt, or walk-in, and either way it works well. This is a fantastic office for all needs.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-LB6xbeJZH34zuli6Q6JNA	First off Love Dr Doonan and Jenny Rhoton. They will definitely take care you.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dkCFHH8iJGKmCB3tq-BemQ	Good docs but be prepared to WAIT!  I made an appointment and still waited 60 minutes to see the doc. That sucks!  I'd love to see what the doc would say if he had to wait at a restaurant an hour past his reservation time	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=puvxF39TFGmx0J9u4b-uZA	This place was great!  The gal, Maddy, at the front desk was probably the sweetest person I have ever dealt with in a medical office. Check-in process was seamless and I only had to wait about 15 minutes before I was seen.  For an Urgent Care...this is REALLY GOOD.  I went in for an infected spider bite and the ointment they prescribed worked so fast and well that I am trying to figure out where else to use it. ;) Never really thought I would give 5 stars to  something like this but the staff was so great they deserve it.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DM9lWJ2dx-Xbku9Reh8CkQ	I was told it would be up to a 30 minute wait. I was feeling really sick but thought "ok I can handle that". There weren't many others in the waiting room. After an hour of waiting I went to ask the receptionist how much longer. I was really feeling horrible and wanted to lay down in my car - partly to avoid the two ladies in the lobby talking loudly about one's pink eye with each other and on their phones (despite the "no cell phones" signs that the receptionist did nothing to enforce). The receptionist made no comment on the fact that it had been double the wait time. She told me I was next so I decided to stick it out. 45 MINUTES LATER I was called in for my 10 minute exam.  I had waited an hour and 45 minutes for ten minutes of medical attention with only two people ahead of me in line!.I understand there may be a wait at an urgent care without an appointment but there HAS to be a better estimating system. And if an emergency has come up to delay things, acknowledge and explain! If they hadn't made me pay for my appointment when I checked in, I would have left.	5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_QPSOIr1qtFSgREcsvzRyw	I'm changing my review from 1 star to 4 stars because Brenda called me back and took the time to rectify the situation. All I wanted was a call back regarding my last visit, but I didn't and it took a Yelp review to get one. I would give Brenda 5 stars, but this includes the overall experience from the UC.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SUNtmQ3dGxMMvUaf36EdGA	This place is great!! Clean, friendly and Dr Doonan is great! Highly recommend it if you need urgent care or any health care for that matter. .Thanks!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=saIOTEv73V17ZR49snIveA	I am in the health care field and can attest that my care here was as good at it gets. I made an appointment and was seen quickly, and the care provided was as thorough as with my regular doctor.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LKuGvqZfJ0ye-F8QcdREHw	My 3-year-old son had a case of croup and we took him here on a Saturday, a day after we had to call in the paramedics in the middle of the night. The staff and the doctors were very hospitable, understanding and patient with a scared, exhausted toddler.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8YI3RaLx7D44SVZ3wzjzxw	Amazing staff and service here. This urgent care is unlike any I've ever gone to before. I've never been less than impressed with the level of care I've received and am so happy to have found an awesome primary care doctor in Dr. Doonan. The physician assistants are equally thorough and helpful. When tests are run, you actually get a call from the PA when results come in and never have to wonder what is going on. I've always been able to schedule appointments with ease or be seen as a walk in without any problems or delays. Thanks Dr. Doonan and your wonderful team!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5hRkngMozXHWiXKXhi4ZAA	Dr. Doonan is the BEST doc I have ever had. I am a long time patient. I knew him before he started his Urgent Care and have followed his practice for years. I have trusted his judgement on a variety of illnesses and orthopedic problems. He has always helped me get through each one. His "bedside manner" is nothing short of perfect. He listens, asks questions and evaluates, and even makes you laugh. That is good medicine. I moved out of state and have never found a better primary care doctor. As a matter of fact, whenever I need a dose of better health care, I fly over for the day, just to have some good medical care. His new facility and wonderful staff are to be commended. When I fly over to Newport, they make sure that I rarely have to wait. Emergencies should always come first, so if I have to wait, it is never a problem. .His clinic is top of the line. Since I moved, I have seen some bad clinics, staffers that were not interested in their responsibilities, and doctors that allow 5 minutes or less per patient. This Urgent Care has the best equipment, best caring staff, and is immaculate. Dr. Doonan and staff, just the best!.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4BH877v4jsBh3f9sHtwqzg	I had to visit the office today and this was one of the best experiences that I have had at a doctor's office, the staff was professional, the first doctor that helped was great, then she grabbed Dr. Doonan for his opinion, he was great, the girls at the front were personable, I'm impressed!! Nice work Urgent Care at Newport Center!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X06eHkrQOng800c60GliTA	I guess my experience is more in line with the negative reviews. Long wait in waiting room, long wait in room to be seen, indifferent attention, long wait for a diagnosis... Altogether a 2.5 hour visit (without an appointment). Felt slight pressure to accept a nasal test that, in retrospect, I probably did not need given that it was the flu. And yes, expensive.	6 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dQstZNiigoejywWmvrUlGQ	Everyone here is so lazy. Receptionist told me wait about 40 min, so I spent almost 3 hours!!!	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HcRpJI2h3b80BlDtTAvLDw	Never wrote a review of a facility like this- but I knew I had to because of how impressed I was. The service was excellent. I love that they use the check in tablets. My other doctor uses these too so it made it super fast as a new patient to check in. The wait wasn't very long at all. I wish my regular doctor was this fast. They also were honest about how long it was going to take- which I appreciated the notice and the accurateness. .The PA was really nice- thorough and efficient. .They electronically sent my prescriptions to the pharmacy next door- and they were ready about 5 minutes after I got there. The pharmacy is great too! I recommend going even for regular pharm items- super cheap!		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=15MOIu3ZbwBmJdh5svnAZA	Dr. Doonan has it figured out! .Last week, I came in sick as a dog on one of the coldest and rainiest days of the year... without an appointment. Anticipating the worst, I was greeted by probably the nicest blonde haired receptionist who was extremely sympathetic to my situation. .The waiting room was clean and all the paper work was all done on iPads! I waited maybe 5 minutes before being taken back and seen by. Dr. Doonan who was very professional, knowledgable and friendly. .The urgent care at Newport Center is a great place to get fast medical care. It is my primary care facility!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mwfpty1qXt4eUxC3gguN8Q	Urgent Care is rather mediocre at best, here's why...1. Registration system didn't work (iPad registration system)..2. I waited 1:10 minutes in main waiting area (even though I had an appointment!).3. Next, I waited another 25min in the little waiting room. (Yes, total waiting time 1:35 w an appointment).4. No blood work done here, they send you to different location (Why can't they do blood work here and send it to lab?)..5. Check pricing, their services are high compared to others..Hope that helps others to make an informed decision.	4 1 2	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=161dZF5LssBvYWHGSctc-Q	The Doctor was terrible!! .She didn't get me right prescription, and didn't return my calls, putting my health at risk..She was lazy.I first went to this clinic 3 months ago. I found it on yelp and saw it had good reviews. On the first day, she ordered a blood test and said she would send me the results.   She didn't get me the results until I made another appointment a month later and paid her again, then I got my papers..She prescribed a terrible medicine for me and didn't correct it..The first appointment felt rushed and no thorough.  She prescribed medicine for me after one blood pressure reading. The medicine she gave me was terrible. It made me look like a corpse. I felt dizzy and couldn't  do anything hole day. I went back to tell her about the side effects and paid her again.  She told me she would change the medicine, but when I went to pick it up, I found out she never called the prescription in to the pharmacy. All they had was the same prescription I had before.  I tried to call her office, but the assistant would not let me talk to the doctor.  I asked her to have the doctor call me and explained the problem but the doctor never called me back. Now I have this terrible medicine and I wasted a bunch of time and money.  I am not even sure I need this medicine because I did some research and found out blood pressure can vary significantly between tests and should be taken 3 times and averaged to get an accurate reading.  Her medical assistant only tested me once and never even told me the results.  I am definitely not returning to this office.  I would think twice before you do too.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZvfwjxtUMTazbdy7K3x8-Q	OUTSTANDING. For a fresh change in medical treatment, check our Dr Noonan's Urgent Care in Newport Beach.  This by far the best medical office in SoCal.  The staff is helpful friendly and adds a layer of client services, rarely  experienced in the medical industry.   .Let's be honest, medical offices typcially suck. Wait times are unreasonably long just to waiting even longer in the exam room. And when the MD finally shows up, he/she is out of there in 5 mins. .You won't experience this here.  The tech, Tony, is friendly gregarious and expedient.  The medical staff, PA, NP are simply outstanding. Both Jenny and Rebecca were prompt and spent extra time and care ensuring treatment is appropriate, explained all details patiently, and spent far more time than your typical medical visit.  Both Rebecca's and Jenny's are exceptional at their craft, as evidenced by their proper diagnosis, clear and precise trrament, and the diligence and care upon administration of said treatment..Best medical referral I received was to this office.  I am returning that favor by referring any readers to this office.  This is the first time I actually enjoyed visiting a medical office. Check it out for yourself.  They are simply OUTSTANDING.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fufy9yvO6dX2ZmA0GYd2rA	Dr. Rebecca Heston was the sweetest, most empathetic doctor that I have ever met. I was looking for a primary care doctor and came to Dr. Heston at my friends' referrals. I've been having ongoing back and hip pain for the past 4 years and not a single one of my 4 pain management doctors and my old primary care doctor has ever asked me how I was doing inside - emotionally. Dr. Heston was the first doctor to ask about my well being, both inside and out.  I am very thankful to have found her. She recommended that I see an orthopedic surgeon and referred me to a couple of them.  I highly recommend her if you're looking for a primary care doctor. She is heaven sent.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6bRDQRnoIpUhuVZnj5hCjQ	Friendly and quick, and I always feel taken care of. Nothing but praise for a well-run operation. Dr. Doonan and crew do a great job.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=COuztJpSsVu1xMafmjwqXQ	Dr. Doonan is a fabulous doctor.  My family started coming to Dr. Doonan several years ago when someone had the flu or the bug.  He has now become our family doctor.  He is approachable with any type of question, professional, knowledgeable and has an outstanding staff.  I highly recommend Dr. Doonan..Judy Phillips.Newport Beach		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RAjePWe0JZ6FijaSDssDFQ	Newport Center Urgent Care and Dr. Bryan Doonan are exceptional.  The entire staff is extremely conscious of each and every patients needs.  Not one person goes unwelcomed or leaves without feeling cared for.  I have been treating w/ Dr. Doonan and his staff for years and send every single person I know to them b/c I can guarantee that each and every one of my friends will have the same experience- and that experience will be superior to any other Family Practice office or Urgent Care center.  The care you want is the care you will receive at the Newport Center Urgent Care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZD8mna3UzMNoGMOBbakTkQ	Best place to come for flu shots! They get you in and out real quick and the Medical Assistant that gave me my shot was painless!! I paid $30 dollars for my flu shot (which is much cheaper than the bill I received last year due to my insurance not covering it, submitting my receipt for reimbursement was much easier to do). I'm not sure what the experience was like for other patients, but based on the history of one reviewer, I wouldn't complain over a $30 flu shot if I can buy RVs and a $4,000 mattress. In my opinion, spending $30 for the treatment I received at this wonderful facility is just petty bus fair.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jyRBpEL7ZS1N5bZM9K1xww	Dr. Donnan and Dr. Heston rock my world.  I'm a "repeat offender" many times over at this facility and every time I walk in (or come in for a scheduled appointment) for whatever reason I am greeted by friendly staff and treated with utmost dignity and respect with friendly attitudes across the board.  Yes, the wait can be long if you come in on a walk in basis but WHAT DO YOU EXPECT at a flippin' urgent care facility?? The E.R. on a good day at any hospital comes with a wait time that is exponentially longer than at Urgernt Care at Newport Center.  It's essentially impossible, in my vast experience, to be taken seriously when presenting with c/o pain to any doctor (especially when you're under 30 but it DOES happen) but Dr. Doonan actually examined my problem area and found a tangible reason that is causing my pain.  I'm sure somebody out there reading this will relate to the extraordinary frustration caused by doctors who brush off your suffering and tell you to keep doing the same things you have been to keep your pain under control even after you've told them emphatically time and time again that there is something seriously wrong and you need help.  If that is the case, go see Doonan! If you're looking for a doc that's "fast & loose" with the prescriptions, however, keep looking because Dr. Doonan and Dr. Heston display nothing but pure professionalism in that respect (and all other respects).  This office is now my go-to for all my medical concerns.	6 3 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=y-qTr612GHTwIerK1WTY4g	Dr. Doonan is the best Doctor in Newport Beach. Hands down.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ztb_ocgpmLvZpWHtFVKZTw	URGENT CARE at NEWPORT CENTER is amazing!  You can expect a friendly & attentive staff.  Superior service by people who showed genuine care for my son & myself.  They have everything in their clinic to meet your every need.  We were seen by their PA Rebecca and she made my son feel comfortable and at ease.  We were in & out quickly with all our medications and well on our way to a great recovery.  The facility is clean, professional and makes you feel at home!  Thanks Urgent Care at Newport Center.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3zJZw0K-vkR6N2g6RavZMg	I called last evening for an appointment for my husband today.  Was told that he could have a 9:30 a.m. appointment.  He arrived this morning on time and waited 1 hr. to be seen.  So much for appointments.  Just take your chance and go in and get into the line.  I know there are a lot of sick people right now but why be told you have an appointment simply to get into the line for an hour wait.  He would have shown up when they opened.  Just wanted to give you heads up!  Otherwise, visit went well.,	3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ITBDqX85xjsOqojbblSWew	This was a below average service I have received in a doctor office. Upon arrival, no one bothered to ask why I am there until I approached the girl at the front desk and she handed me an ipad which ran out of battery 2 minute later. I met the doctor 30 mins later. Docto Doonan is a good doctor, seemed very distracted at the moment but I do understand that he might have had a long day.. 3 days later I want there again and told the lady at the front desk that my medication must be changed or I may need to see the doctor again cuz my condition has not improved. she said she will call me back and I don't need to wait there. I have waited for her call 3 days now and no one has called me yet!!! they encourage you to leave feedback and give you amazon gift card for doing that. I think that is not an acceptable practice specially in med practice! In general I would not recommand this office to anyone, and surely wont see them again.	1 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=brVpFoL4aw-aEpNifPdMzA	Since my last visit Dr. Doonan has insituted an electronic medical record system.  They do everything on iPads now.  Very streamlined process that makes for great fast service.  Truly a cut above every other urgent care I have been to.  Great doctor and a well run office!!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=W7tAmp3OLxrcV_EAG_dyLQ	I was sick one Saturday but I didn't want to go to the hospital so I found this Urgent Care on google. I saw a young woman (I think she was the physician's assistant?). She was very helpful and knew what was wrong with me right away. She gave me some medicine for a sinus infection and I was feeling better that evening! I would definitely come back here... the person I saw was not only knowledgeable but also friendly and easy to talk to. She made me feel really comfortable right from the start. And, most importantly, she knew how to fix the problem right away! The whole process probably took less than one hour.  I would definitely come back here instead of going through the hassle of making an appointment with my doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gkJL5lMI1fGB01nzB1yFAg	Dr. Doonan and the crew at Newport Beach Urgent Care are awesome. The facilities are clean, the staff is friendly, and the doctor is top notch. You can make an appointment or just walk-in and they are open at hours that a working professional can actually fit into a busy schedule. I have been going to Newport Beach Urgent Care for quite some time and highly recommend them to all my friends and family. If you are looking for a great doctor and/or a respectable walk-in urgent care then look no further then Dr. Doonan and Newport Beach Urgent Care.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=G-SBRYpk_X1Sr9Cyh3dIqw	The Staff, (Sandra) and her people at the front desk are so friendly.  Both Dr. Doonan and Dr. Heston are both two of the best doctors I have seen.  They truly care about what you have to say and your needs.  I would recommend Dr. Doonan and Urgent Care to anymore from an emergency or as a primary physician.  AMAZING!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YXbFb636MMGxRiLRO_wf9g	I have nothing but great things to say about Dr. Doonan and the Newport  Urgent Care Center.  Let me start by saying that it is so hard now-a-days finding a doctor who will take the time of day to sit down and actually listen and help you.  Dr. Doonan is very thoughtful, kind, gentle, and ever intelligent.  Immediately after seeing him for an urgent care visit, I requested that he be my primary care physician.  Never have I known a physician to be so pr-active in their patient care.  If you want to get better and feel better than Dr. Doonan is the man to see.  He is a doctor who is sure to cover all of the bases to insure that you are feeling better as soon as possible.  I have seen him several times and I always leave feeling better about being sick.  He understands his patients and makes life as easy as he can for them.  I like the fact that he almost always will call in a rx, if needed, while you are at the office so by the time you leave and arrive at the pharmacy, it is ready for you.  Dr. Doonan also likes to treat you while you are there with a shot of antibiotics, anti-nausea , whatever the case.  Dr. Doonan is a physician that is few and far between and a model to all physicians..The staff at Newport Urgent Care is very kind and thoughtful and always are able to answer any questions I might have.  The physicians that also work the weekends and the evenings do a great job as well.  .If you are feeling under the weather and need a physician I would recommend no one else other than Dr. Doonan  and the Newport Urgent Care1	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DbH3Ftrbb0bwhH70UKLdrA	This was hands down the best medical experience I've had in a long time.  I was very nervous walking in because this was my first visit, but everyone in the office was friendly and nice.  Dr. Doonan was able to quickly diagnose what was wrong and sent me directly next door for xrays.  Within 20 minutes I was back in the office and he reviewed the pics immediately, diagnosed the issue and I was on my way.  Overall, it was an awesome experience and so good that I'm making him my primary care physician.  Thanks everyone.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=b12j7-qa9BiafvjP1lKuBw	Dr. Bryan Doonan is a great doctor, very thorough and took his time. I have seen him many times over a few years. Nice staff and located near Fashion Island. He specializes in family practice, preventative medicine and sports medicine. Definitely recommend him.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rn5x2QG7uF2KeSAHxgSxcg	On 2 occasions I went to this Urgent Care. The staff, the office everyone and everything is A++. I think they are the best and I travel from Laguna Beach in order to see them!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VtLJH49pPm9KSD0dnFme0g	Is this really happening? ... So it's been a few months since I visited this place and have been out of the country for business reasons. While I was out I was informed that some girl actually called my emergency contact who is my mother! and scolded her while she was at work for 20 minutes regarding my post on yelp! Not to mention she told my mother about my medical situation.  .UNBELIEVABLE! HELLO? Can somebody say HIPPA? no more said on Dr. Doonan's staff... I'm embarrased for him!	22 5 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=o_Ungz7Px5gmkM35Eg69kQ	Great service for my child.  Went back to have staples removed expecting them to charge another office visit and they did not, as it took about 1 minute to do.  Other places would have based on experience.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vGqhJY7NPkPiUMBVZ8NR1A	10 minutes with a physician's assistant after an hour and a half wait (45 minutes in the waiting room; 45 minutes alone in the exam room), no tests or anything done, given a prescription for antibiotics.  The bill?  $432..Wow.	8 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aYAhTY6tkTkGx_HWu23Grg	Staff was super friendly, helpful, and competent. It is an urgent care, so there's a wait, but they told me the wait, signed me in and told me they would call me to come back 15 min prior to being seen which was really nice. I would definitely go there again if I need urgent care.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xgp1S_I4CAoiWr2wyGtteA	I went here for a physical. The physical was not very comprehensive. The assistant ran some tests and the PA saw me for like 5 minutes. In that time, they PA decided to put me on pills. The pills made me feel really gross. I called to see if I could get a new medicine, but the PA never returned my calls. I am not sure if the front desk even gave her the messages. I decided to get a new doctor. The new doctor did a very thorough physical and couldn't understand why I had been placed on the pills in the first place. He told me it is not normal to prescribe this medicine on a first visit, but only after several days of monitoring. He also said my test results were normal and he saw no need to put me on pills! I am so glad I quit taking the medicine and switched doctors. I think it could have become a very dangerous situation if I had kept taking pills I didn't need. Be careful and make sure you ask a lot of questions. Maybe the doctor was just rushed the day I saw her, and maybe she never got my messages to call me, but it still doesn't excuse the mistakes that were made. I hope they are more careful in the future.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZL3GCAjwxEUATyAdYJ1EVg	I visited this office for Urgent Care first thing in the morning when the office had just opened. I was admitted in less than 10 minutes by an efficient office staff. The office was clean and nice (more like walking into a classy private doctor's office rather than some type of emergency clinic). .Once I was in a patient room, Dr. Doonan was in to see me within minutes. He was open, friendly and seemed competent. He answered my questions in plain language and helped to alleviate my concerns. My favorite part was that he called in my prescriptions while I was in the room! Actually hearing him call in an Rx, and knowing that it was being worked on before I walked out the door was really reassuring. If i ever need urgent care again, I will definitely go here.	4 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FRIgQ6-c9X0MrLg3ZFFQZQ	I went to the urgent care after an ankle injury. I have Kaiser insurance, but the urgent care was able to accomodate me and give me a special rate too since I had to pay out of pocket. I saw Rebecca the PA first who ordered an x-ray of my ankle...turns out it was broken and I was stuck going back to my Kaiser Doctors. They were extremely helpful to coordinate my care at Kaiser and get a quick appointment with an orthopedist. I am very thankful they helped me to get appropriate follow up because I ended up needing surgery on my ankle. In the past when I have gone into the office and seen Rebecca and Dr. Doonan they have both been awesome helping me with bronchitis any anything else that was wrong with me.  Highly recommend.	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Q7LGuw7meEbEWh6WlA08Ig	Dr. Doonan is awesome!  I brought my 90 year old friend in to the Urgent Care because of a really bad cough.  I was so concerned that she might have pneumonia.  After waiting for about 15-20 minutes we were called to the examining room.  In a few minutes Dr. Doonan came in and began a very thorough examination.  He discussed her condition and treatment options and seemed to genuinely care about her overall well being.  He is caring, compassionate, and professional.  He gave her two shots, a breathing treatment, and two prescriptions. He insisted that she return to his office the next day so he could check her progress.  My friend felt better immediately and was so impressed with the level of care that she received.  We are so fortunate to have such a wonderful doctor to serve the people of Newport Beach!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ue9rCy8AHcBm4TZqb3-BMg	I found Dr. Noonan's office after looking for a new doctor in the area after being tired of my experience at Newport Family Medicine. The vibe there is really great and Dr. Noonan made me feel a lot better instantly. He has a great personality which is all anyone really wants when they feel miserable and have to go see a specialist. I would and will recommend him to anyone in need of a physician.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EziXmmh76-HIMNsHGS1tPg	Dr. Doonan rocks.  I hate going to the doc's because it is always a long drawn out experience but not in this case.  I was in and out withIN 20 minutes of my appointment time.  He is young and vibrant which is a relief from the typical middle age stuffy Newport beach physicians.  Would definitely recommend this guy.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pUH9-HbPHtRKphU4l5jXRA	my family been coming here for years. fun office and friendly staff but my advice.... see donnan, spring or brenda or else you will probably get misdiagnosed by the other incompetent staff. i can give many examples of being misdiagnosed but i'll spare you the details. see the above staff and you'll get better care hands down. after seeing many people at this office, these are the one's who actually understand my families complicated medical problems without just throwing pills at you so you comeback worse or sending you to another doctor for something they couldn't figure out. thanks donnan and staff for keeping us safe! surfs up!		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DE8OOj1baD8p_AKGYO-t1A	Outstanding care. Great staff. Fast service. Thanks Dr. Doonan you are a life saver!!!!!!	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-LxbJGlQbFj-fC_pCNEK6g	Awesome urgent care Dr. Doonan was great and his staff was very friendly. I will be changing my primary care physician to Dr. Doonan.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=04dafu8sUrwNV-R9Qq0p0g	I refer Dr. Doonan to anyone looking for a new physician. He has great bedside manner and seems to be constantly learning more ways to help his patients.  A friend told me to go to the Urgent Care in NB and I am so grateful to finally be rid chronic bronchitis. I saw 2 doctors about my symptoms given antibiotics and had no relief. Three days after Dr. Doonan checked me out and got me on his recommendations I could sleep without waking and breath clearly. He really knows his stuff and isn't your typical Newport doctor. He rocks!	2 1 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eVxwqVcpLIUPo2UzViRYCA	Very friendly and helpful, especially when you are usually at your worst! I think I saw Rebecca and she treated me quickly and compassionately. They even called in my prescription before I was out of the room! They did everything in their power to get me feeling better for a very important meeting the next day! I wasn't 100% but felt much better! Thanks to the entire staff! Since going my wife has been there too and was very pleased. We are excited that we can make Dr. Doonan our Primary.	3 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=D2JY0QtB9_d_U8-pkZLeOg	Brian does a great job in making his patients feel like they are being truly taken care of... His gentle demeanor along with his friendly staff make that urgent care my "go-to" for all of my medical needs.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jAQ2lcdDVpDugtS7GbM0iA	This place is great. Clean and pleasant facilities, friendly and professional staff, plenty of parking. I came in on a holiday weekend not knowing what was wrong with me and the single nurse practitioner on duty diagnosed me right away and got me on the proper meds. Excellent service, and for someone who doesn't have insurance, very reasonable prices. I would definitely return for future urgent care needs.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kdjhgZY2rwTaJISGfmhs5w	Visited for the first time January 24 2014 for flu related issues. Same morning, I called my usual doctor, only to find out she was booked all day. My girlfriend suggested I visit Newport Urgent Care. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Crystal the intake medical professional couldn't have been more friendly and smiled the whole time, which is a big deal to me especially when your sick.  Dr. Desanto was great with small talk and worked fast to get me on my way. Crystal even followed up with a phone call the following week to ask how I was doing. My usual doctor and her office does none of this. If your sick you will at least feel good when you are here because of Crystal and Dr. Desanto.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ifZJctspYoMSD0iUBzxrRw	I visited Dr. Doonan last November.  Everyone in the office was very friendly and I did not have to wait very long.  Dr. Doonan was very kind and efficient.  He was able to pinpoint my ailment and sent me off with the appropriate medications.  In addition, he is a cool guy.  I would strongly recommend Dr. Bryan Doonan to my family and dearest friends...	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3OvJuXUY3VAxxMOFpEVmsw	I met Dr. Breen through a colleague who was actively receiving care from Dr. Breen. I am writing this review after being a patient of Dr Breen's for six months. .I went to see Dr. Breen because I (a 33 yr old male) was feeling fatigued, losing muscle mass, gaining fat and irritable all the time. Doctor Breen ordered some lab work so I could be tested to see what was going on with me. I also was being tested by the VA around the same time for the same symptoms. The VA told me everything was fine and that there was nothing wrong with me. I went to my follow-up appointment with Dr. Breen where I was presented with a binder that had all of my lab results (explained with notes), a nutrition plan, and a personalized healthcare plan. Dr. Breen spent about two hours going over my results, ensuring I understood what each level meant. He also told me that I had to make some lifestyle changes to really improve my health. I left Dr. Breen's office that day with the knowledge of what was REALLY causing my problems and a solution for those problems. .Dr. Breen has made himself available via email and phone. I can call/text/email him directly if I need anything. I was impressed by this because most Doctors I have met are distant and unavailable. .So I have followed my healthcare plan as prescribed by Dr. Breen and I feel SO MUCH better already. I am not as tired, I have more energy when I get home to actually workout or do stuff around the house. My wife and co-workers have said that my mood is improved. .I plan to follow up with another review in a few months to see how things progress but I can say that I have never received such personalized care from any other doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=erO2A-LpcAX7kkgbzfJB-g	If you want to change your lifestyle (tired, bad eating, lethargic) and want the support of an amazing group of people then pick Dr. Breen and his staff.  The minute you walk in the door you are greeted by name by the front desk staff who are always so nice and helpful.  Dr. Breen is probably one of the most knowledgeable people I have met and when you talk to him you just get the feeling that he is looking out for you and your best interests, he covers every aspect for you from lifestyle, hormone imbalances, blood test results etc.  .Cat (Nutritionist) is amazing, I cant say enough about how positive she is, how she helps with everything (food guides, nutritional guides) and stands by you step by step in the process of making the lifestyle changes you need in order to feel better and have a healthy life.  Both the staff, Dr Breen and Cat are available at a moments notice and communicate immediately once you reach out..I would highly recommend this group to anyone.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uv4By2ec6SUQPfpeQtJDqQ	Dr Breen has a very specialized practice.  To get a doctor who thinks outside of the box and who is personally avalable to you 24/7 it can be expected to pay a little more. Also insurance fails to cover preventative and anti aging type of care. I am an RN and personally have been in dr breen's program and have had excellent results. I look and feel better and I am very thankful for doctors like Dr Breen. .If you're having issues with hormone balance or weight gain or really any type of health issue it would certainly be worth giving dr breen a try.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FvebbK97FRfYOQIiTXGzKQ	Update time again. .At a certain point, I suppose it becomes pointless to keep updating with 5 stars again, but I keep having favourable experiences to talk about. .Sometimes, when taking a medication, you have a personal experience that flatly contradicts the research about that medication. Something that the current model just flat-out says shouldn't happen. .Many physicians, being used to the high respect our culture affords them, react first and foremost to defend their own self-image, and will simply dismiss anyone who contradicts their expertise. .Once again, Sean ain't like that. .His response was to the tune of: "Hmmm, that's puzzling. I'll have to do some homework and look for cases like that, and consult my colleagues X and Y, who are very experienced in this specific area. In the meantime, we could try this or this or this... because obviously you can't just put up with that. That's no way to live.".Treating aging as a disease and trying to fight it is a new thing, medically speaking. While the medicine isn't quite experimental, it's still capable of surprising us occasionally. .Sean is not only willing to practice this sort of medicine, he is also an excellent listener, treats his clients with respect, and doesn't assume he already knows everything worth knowing. (This last may sound like faint praise, but, alas, it is a rare quality in the medical profession. ).Most important, he cares about his clients' quality of life, not just in a superficial show of professionalism, but as a deeply held priority. .Every aspect of his practice displays values and integrity.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XymWWxhtE0M4HT1BuPCjJw	I signed up with Dr. Breen when I was looking for a concierge doctor since I decided to put a higher priority on my health over my time.  I didn't consider anti-aging medicine in the equation but figured it was icing on the cake if I liked him - I figured we all get older..I initially went for two medical issues.  However, he diagnosed half dozen medical issues some related to aging and some not; most I was completely unaware even existed until he shined a light on the data in a way that I could understand.  None of the diagnosis were picked up my by primary doctor.  Dr. Breen is adept and has the stamina to figure out what is wrong and resolving it.  He's able to find connections between seemingly disparate phenomena..That said, Dr. Breen's empathy is what really intrigues me.  I sense he can quickly understand my feelings or situation and has a laser-focused way of helping me prioritize not only my body, but also my mind and soul..After being with Dr. Breen for 6 months now, l feel more youthful energy, health and happiness.  I consider myself blessed to have found him and concierge medicine.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Mom0a_3OKVSjSJnjyDCbdg	Let me start by saying I am a fitness fanatic so to speak.  BUT, even for someone like me, if your hormone and testosterone levels are not where they should be then it is a losing battle no matter how much dieting and exercising you do.  So after years of being an athlete, a personal trainer, practicing various mixed martial arts & boxing disciplines, plus lifting weights I figured there has to be something "off" inside of my body! Plus, I am turning 40 and wanted my body at it's optimal level!!!!.So I decided to start my quest.........After seeing several other professional's in this arena and not feeling satisfied with the results or process......... I was referred to Dr. Breen.  In my experience, none of the other Doctor's have offered the truly unique, professional, efficient, supportive, and results driven knowledgeable approach that Dr. Breen and his team have.  I am truly impressed and thankful I met him..In case your wondering about the results.........After extensive blood tests and adjusting my levels I feel energetic, am getting leaner & more ripped every single week, have less body fat, am more muscular, and overall feel GREAT!  I highly recommend Dr. Breen and his team!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c8CBwXrEqN3-rVHNgyR4nQ	Dr Breen and his team are amazing.  I'm only in my second month and my energy levels are the highest they've ever been without any caffeine and diet supplements I've take over the years.  Between the hormone replacement Dr. Breen has me on and the nutrition program Cat is helping me, with I feel great.  I'm changing a lifetime of bad choices and getting youthful and energized at the same time.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3-4WKeHMOnWVLLbnoJG8aw	I have been a patient of Dr. Breen for a few months now. I had been feeling lousy for the better part of the last three years. I was putting on weight despite working out at the gym and was feeling tired and unfocused most days. I run a small multi-state business and my professional life can be very hectic and stressful much of the time. I called Dr. Breen because I was tired of feeling tired all the time. I wanted to explore why I wasn't feeling better and wanted to get my energy levels back (and weight down) so that I could be a better father, spouse, and boss. .I did a lot of research prior to contacting Dr. Breen's office. I wanted to find a doctor that was qualified and had the expertise to discuss my unique medical issues. I also wanted to find a doctor that was passionate about what he or she does...Not someone going through the motions. Dr. Breen interested me because he seemed to have very progressive views and had a mindset that it was important to understand an individual and their whole story prior to treating them..I made an appointment and had blood panels completed. My first appointment was rough, only because I definitely have a phobia of the doctor's office. However, Dr. Breen could not have been nicer and more supportive. He spent a few hours with me discussing my blood test and getting to know me better. I was so accustomed to the traditional 5-10 minute doctor visits of my past, that this really surprised me. At any rate, before we finished up that day, I knew exactly what my issues were and what I needed to do to get healthier. There was no guess work, everything he stated was supported in my tests which I was provided a copy of. He developed a plan for me to get healthier which included diet, nutrition, supplements, exercise, and a prescription. .Fast forward two months later, and I have already taken 21 pounds of fat off my body and added 9 pounds of muscle. My energy levels have increased and I am starting to feel better again. .I'm very happy that I chose Dr. Breen as my doctor. I can't recommend him enough if you are in a similar situation.	4 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v7g8xGYQ3DyDeU-3cmGWcw	Thanks Dr. Breen for your response. I'm glad that you made it apparent to boast in writing regarding all your accomplishments and that you have helped many patients and clients over the years. That's wonderful that you are able to do that for them. .However, my review was based solely upon my experience bringing my father to your establishment. Maybe nobody has ever said anything negative towards you, but apparently my review has caused you to respond and react. .Thanks again for your service, and best of luck to your practice.	14 6 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-lzB_MJequ22cwVC-eQj7g	After months of research I went to see Dr. Breen. I am a type 1 diabetic who has been suffering from bloating, weight gain, and muscle aches. Let me note though I take good care of myself and eat well so it has been a medical mystery to me and other doctors.  Dr. Breen in our initial consultation took a substantial amount of time to listen and map out our plan of treatment. We have run tests (including DNA) and with a few small tweaks and help from Cat, CN.  My stomach pain has lessened and my weight is stabilizing. We still have some way to go but they are so attentive and caring to my health issue and work hard to assist me in my goal to wellness!  I highly recommend DR. Breen and his team to anyone who believes in wellness, looking for a new doctor, or has symptoms other doctors tend to brush off.  .I am sending my girlfriend to see him. She eats little and healthy and the weight won't shed off. I am confident Br. Breen can locate what's going on and help her through wellness. .George		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nXPIq3KKSFoR5m1FCHM5Fg	Dr. Breen ' s approach and medical advise is practical and life changing. I am seeing the results from Dr. Breen methods in how I feel and  look specifically, my energy levels and weight loss. Dr. Breen is a great listener and explains things in layman's terms. .Ďr. Breen ' s staff is courteous, responsive, and professional. First rate. .I highly recommend Dr. Breen and his team..Ed C.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w8e35a6TV7kMsUUdf8Vmfg	I went to see Dr. Breen for issues around low energy.  He ordered a very thorough set of blood tests for me, then spent 2 hours with me reviewing the results. I don't think I've ever had a  Doctor spend 2 hours with me in one appointment!!!  Thanks to him, I have some new information about what to eat and some good information about what I need to do to improve my overall health.  .Through the years, I've had low blood pressure, water retention and probably poor thyroid function that may have not been diagnosed.  I made diet choices I thought were healthy, that in fact, are not healthy for me.  I'll be giving up lots of foods loaded with " hidden" sugar & carbs, based on the Dr 's input..Now with Dr. Breen's help, I have some recommendations about how to fix things to improve my health.  He recommended a new diet for me, special supplements and new meds to help get me where I want to be.  It will involve hard work and discipline on my part to reach the goals, but Dr. Breen was very encouraging and supportive.  I am very glad I made the appointment and went to see him.  I look forward to working with him this year to make some positive changes.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xxIUpYo2L9-03ZYMfCJlEw	Dr. Breen has proven himself as a knowledgable resource in helping me to better understand how to maintain my body for optimal performance and well being.  Having worked with several different MD's, I highly recommend Dr. Breen as one of the most seasoned professionals in this field.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f3r5I2p0-121TAnEKtAilw	I have been a patient of Dr. Breen for 3 years. He is a doctor that listens, he's patient, he's a great health coach, he truly cares.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WVSTKwvUzBAOc-lI0RhLyQ	I have been a patient of Dr. Breen from about three months. In this time I've had the chance to see him both do his job of providing medical care and guidance with at a very high level of competence and with attention to detail. Not only do his job but provide the promised / implied action of follow-up contact and monitoring changes in patient condition. Not only Dr. Breen, but his staff has proven equally conscientious, business-like and professional. .I am very pleased to have been referred to Dr. Breen, and would (this is a rarity) willingly recommend him to others.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cxMNwwyhy_nSSgZIjgEOVw	I first met Dr Breen at a lecture on essential supplements.  Myself, a healthy middle aged male and physician,  I was glad to finally meet a doctor who would dedicate their time and energy to helping me optimize my body and health.  I have been a patient of Dr Breen for almost two years.  Dr Breen always impresses me on being up to date with current medical literature and he really knows the science behind his medical practice.  I highly recommend Dr Breen to anyone looking to optimize their health.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZC3XZGFD7L2DXc6HYARfeQ	I started seeing Dr. Breen in April, 2016 at the recommendation of a friend for whom Dr. Breen's treatment plan helped him overcome debilitating disc pain.   I am extremely thankful that I made the decision to see the doctor.  I learned (to my surprise) that while I'm healthy on the outside, my insides weren't so healthy - I had a low thyroid that I had no idea I had, my hormones were very low, my cortisol level was sky high and my body showed a high level of inflammation,  which makes the body susceptible to disease, including cancer. None of these issues were identified previously, even though I'm diligent about my healthcare and I have regular annual exams.   I'm grateful to Dr. Breen for identifying these issues before they became too serious (I was also a good candidate for a cardiac event and was headed down the road toward diabetes).  I'm now working with Dr. Breen and his nutritionist, Cat Arias, to restore my hormones to healthy levels and clean up my eating to improve my health.  I'm a sugar addict, so the healthy eating has been a challenge, but Dr. Breen and Cat have been going out of their way to help me overcome that challenge.  I would highly recommend Dr. Breen to anyone and everyone - just because you reach a certain age doesn't mean that you should expect to feel tired, gain weight, and lose muscle and bone mass.  Dr. Breen will help make sure your body is operating from a place of optimal health and that you are feeling your best so that you can enjoy the best quality of life possible.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xMMoEJm8UjXq0PRpEbZUYw	After 3 years of personal trainer and gym membership for my 18 year old son trying to lower his weight that was effecting him at school and sport activities we made an appointment to see Dr. Breen,  and this was a long drive for us, I have to say that was the best decision we could have ever made for our son, not only the staff is supper nice and helpful, but Dr.  Breen himself is an amazing person and extremely knowledgeable of how to diagnose and find a solution that works,  since then my son has dropped almost 30 pounds of fat and he as gained 10 pounds of pure muscle, he is lighter,  leaner,  he learned to respect his body and with their in house nutritionist and weekly skypping , he was able to control his eating habits and he is much healthier, this is a blessing for us because now he is entering the University world and he is going in with such confidence. .Well while I was there I decided to try their rejuvenation program for older people.. Can I just say if you are in your mid 40s you will do your self the biggest favor by trying this,  you will not be disappointed. .Thank you Dr. Breen	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JD3HHumOL5aJa_Ocq2B4rA	Doctor Breen is amazing. He has helped me with my thyroid issues, and honestly, I was falling apart. I had no idea that all of the issues I was having were related to my hormones. My regular doctors (and there had been several) had just put me on the wrong meds and I felt horrible. Dr. Breen listened to how I was feeling, not just the numbers on my chart. I stronly reccommend him to anyone. It was refreshing to find an honest doctor who was actually willing to help me..Dr. Breen is very professional, and I actually felt like I mattered to him.	10 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wTjZbRah_XsHBJvgQAGPIw	Thank you for your response Mr. breen, but I have to say that you are still not listening to what I was saying. The issue was not insurance. Again as I wrote in the review , it was the fact your staff did not readily disclose that the practice charges a monthly or yearly fee regardless of how often one might have an appointment and than charge for that appointment also. Since you were not on the call we will have to agree to disagree..Respectfully,	23 2 3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=e8KoY5TFONpMpr_uJTJvYQ	I used to be a (say 5 star) fan of this Urgent Care.  Dr. Doonan and Dr. Heston are very nice and very helpful.  The location wasn't the most convenient location compared to two other closer Urgent Care competitors, but I felt for the service, attention and ease this was my preferred choice..After a good streak of health, I hadn't had the need to use their services until recently.     .Then a week out from a trip to NYC, I needed to relieve a bit of leg pain so I could better walk the streets.  I made a last minute trip to the office for a shot that I had received in the past.  I arrived at 7:45pm and their offices close at 8pm.  Upon arriving, I was told at the door (as the assistant was about to lock it) that the Dr. was busy treating a patient and wouldn't be able to see me.  I said that all I needed was a shot that had been administered before - one that is usually given by the assistant herself.  After a couple minutes of looking my info up, I was told that I had to be seen by the Dr. and that she couldn't authorize the anti-inflammatory shot.  I was totally cool with it, but was a little bummed that I'd have to wait until the next day.......the next day I made an appointment to see the doctor.  After waiting over an hour, (which again, didn't bother me), I was administered the shot.  I was also told that I could return in the next couple days to get another shot without seeing the Dr. if the condition didn't clear up.  .Two days later I returned to the office at 7:30pm to find the door locked.  This time however the blinds were blacked out and nobody would talk to me (people were definitely inside).  This was basically my last straw.  Why have an 8pm closing time if you lock the doors 1/2 an hour early?  Why not even have a note outside providing an explanation?  .I guess from a customer service standpoint I am disappointed that as a loyal and pretty mellow patient, I was given the shaft.  Perhaps it's just time for me to move on and find a better ran business.	13 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=a3Ol37WcewzO2kDgP1M-gQ	Liked the PA I saw, she was thorough and took the time to listen to me. The front office staff was not friendly nor were they interested in doing their jobs.	1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Zwvq5FLSh_z1NrJeN4yy5Q	Stopped in on Wednesday from out of town because my son was sick with a high fever. Receptionists were not friendly. I did like the PA that we saw. In office culture tested negative for strep throat, but they sent out a culture that was supposed to be ready in 48-72 hours to determine diagnosis (PA said in office strep culture is not always accurate). After 2 days of antibiotics my son wasn't improving and had been awake the whole night crying. Came back first thing In the morning, they checked him again, still had no answer or diagnosis. Switched his antibiotics. Was told they would call by 11 on Friday with strep results. They  called Saturday (did not leave any kind of message whatsoever). I called back, was told the PA had left for the day and another dr would call me back by the end of the day. I told them I REALLY wanted the results because we would be flying back home the next day. NO PHONE CALL. Left a message after they closed Saturday and it is Sunday afternoon.. STILL NO PHONE CALL. I've pretty much had it with this place. They never helped my son, gave me any kind of diagnosis, and won't even call me back with test results. In addition, they've been rude and unhelpful. Would not return again!!!	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GM2ItevN-nDH4B8A__if-A	Dr. Doonan and his staff are the best! As with all, one has to wait at times but it's understandable that the wait us due to their commitment to give EVERYONE the attention required and absolute gold standard in care. On several occasions, I have felt ill and while my primary provider could not find time  on their schedule, Dr. Doonan and his staff have treated me and or prevented illness. Totally worth the wait. Experience, cleanliness, price effectiveness, care, trust and reliability in health care restored by this practice.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ewyPPvCXXORp41tJEqdLuA	Came in because I got sick during my vacation. I was seen right away and given the meds I needed to feel better. The staff was very friendly and helpful. So glad I had this place to go to. It's always a little scary going somewhere new, at least in a medical setting, when you are not from the area.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4pX4VX_JmnOhjdwNurX6QA	They were horrible, the wait to be scene was 15 mins but once inside waiting for the nurse to come in and ask what was wrong to 30 mins then waiting for the doctor took and hour. He came in and asked what were my symptoms which the nurse should have gave him since he wrote them down, he comes in for a hot second then leaves. An hour later still waiting to see the doctor and I hear that he is attending other patients. I hear the staff just talking about there day. Not paying attention the the patients that are paying to be scene. I am so disappointed and will never come here again or will refer this place to anyone one. Don't come on a Sunday!!! And we expect better treatment since this is Newport Beach. If you need to go to an urgent care in Newport go to marquee they are truly the best, in town all class all the way!!! I am writing this review and I am still waiting for the doctor.	7 4 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UGfXqkPXIFUyFTvMUdcs1w	I had a great experience here this morning. From the front desk to the doctor everyone was helpful, friendly, professional and kind. Came in with what turned out to be a cold and left with everything I needed within an hour!  Thank you	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YdxyGlBJbj4cnR8j-e8Cpg	I went for a flu shot I was told my insurance would not cover me and would need to pay $30.00.  When I got home,  my husband said Rite Aid took his insurance.   .Of course I went in to speak with Sandra the office manager.  I was told that the $30.00 charge was policy.  The owner Trenton Rhodes has business policies.  The doctors are employees and not involved in the business.  Important information to know.  I really like the doctors ... I'm really disappointed in the policy.  I did get a refund.... .You really do pay more to live in Newport Beach........concierge medicine	5 1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=W3Nir2KtLMNMheVtYHfEag	Rarely and I do mean rarely do you find a doctor and practice as AMAZING as doctor Donnan and his staff!  I first found Dr. Donnan through an urgent care issue with one of my kids.  I was so impressed with his bedside manner ability to listen to the patient and mom and treat the situation in a very professional yet personal manner.  How many times have you ever seen a doctor personally call in a script from his cell or call the hospital for a heads-up if you have to go to ER..With out any doubt he is now our family primary doctor.  .One time my son got a severe concussion.  Dr Donnan cared so much he gave his cell number if needed and called on his off time to check in on my son.  WOW!.I can give Doc and his staff this rating because I have had this same level of service each of the 7 times we have been there.  As such - not just a one or tow time great experience..Consistent great care all around!!!!!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rkcmKX3fIaZAmUdw_xEJhw	I took my wife to the urgent care office on back-to-back days a couple of weeks ago for two unrelated issues.  She was in a lot of pain on the 1st day and the doctor came in and helped her out right away with a shot.  I honestly was a little concerned not having met Dr. Noonan yet that he would be a bit on the arrogant side what with all the surfing pics, being in Newport, etc. (particularly because my wife and I aren't the best physical specimens) but was pleasantly surprised to get the complete opposite.  Tremendous bedside manner, made us feel at ease immediately.  Our prior doc had retired and we hadn't yet found a regular MD; I guess I should just ask if we can be seen regularly there rather than search out someone else.  Their office is a bit far for us, but I heck I used to drive over to Solana Beach from Escondido, so maybe it isn't so far after all..The 2nd of the back-to-back days had my poor wife back in for extreme nausea; poor kid couldn't even keep water down.  This time we saw the physician's assistant (forgive me but your name escapes me just now) but again her immediate issue was taken care of with a shot (and on both visits were immediately followed up with prescriptions called in on the spot)..We were handled courteously and professionally by all staff.  Our wait time wasn't long (I think maybe 20 minutes was the longest), so perhaps whatever issues I saw on some reviews from a couple of years ago have been addressed.  At any rate, I didn't see any evidence of them.	2 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2-movmosJGbScBKq7hAICA	At 38-years-old, it has taken me my entire adult life to find a doctor who is both knowledgeable and trustworthy.  Dr. Doonan has a very calm, easy-going demeanor, and at the same time he is also very professional, which makes for a comfortable visit.  When I ask him questions regarding a diagnosis or the details of my physical condition, Dr. Doonan is always courteous and informative, which allows me to leave his office with the confidence that I also understand my condition.  Simply put, he is the best!.Now if I could only find a trustworthy & competent auto mechanic, too, I'd be set!	5 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lAdAglXXGauNmmtBZu7nWg	Awful. I suffered a hand trauma 3 weeks ago and visited this urgent care because of the pain and swelling. The Physician's Assistant Rebecca saw me when I first arrived (very nice, professional, and intelligent) and sent me for an x-ray. When I returned Dr. Doonan saw me in the lobby, YES THE LOBBY in front of everybody, apparently patient privacy means nothing. He was on his way out to a lunch date (according to my friend) wearing red jeans and a red plaid shirt without any professional identification or attire. He hardly introduced himself and quickly felt my wrist and was convinced I had a ganglion cyst. I told him I had a ganglion before and this felt and looked nothing like it, not to mention it didn't meet the general criteria. I informed him that my hands were two different temperatures but he was quick to dismiss that right away. Long story shorter, I saw my primary care doctor and got another x-ray, the radiology report says it looks like I might have broken my scaphoid bone. Dr. Doonan was incredibly unprofessional and dismissed everything I had to say, not to mention made an inaccurate diagnosis without ANY hesitation whatsoever. I think he spent a total of 2-3 minutes with me if that, never ever coming here again that's for sure..1 Star = Eek! Me thinks not	16 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UvOBM-nrjo9wuQlGW7DR0A	Knowledgeable, responsive and efficient. The whole staff is great, the Dr Heston, one of the NPs, is excellent. (She helped solve a bad asthma spell for me.) They get to know you and really care about the whole person. Dr. Doonan is a great family practitioner and I highly recommend him. He also has a great sense of humor!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=95u_vsplJsRRnvq85KWkUw	I absolutely love this practice. Dr. Doonan and his PA's are tops. I saw Rebecca Westin last week for an annual check-up and was reminded of the competence and professionalism of the entire team. THANKS REBECCA!	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fD6BE1EhCX8Ez0iUSV6gzA	I would gladly recommend Dr. Doonan and his staff to anyone. .Patient care was great. His staff was friendly and nice, especially the nurse that took my vitals. Dr. Doonan is genuinely nice and had wonderful bedside manner. .I'm a happy patient and would return again in the future.	6 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1A-dUHuKEH1TdDVdPKJX0g	I first came here for a sports injury.. nasty bursitis  from heavy weight training... the whole experience.. form the cool/nice staff, convenience/ seasonal flu shot AND their respect for MY time.... i said to myself.. 'I wonder if he does primary care".. then realized of course he does... Saw Dr. Doonan this week, got some scripts refilled and such. same great experience... and i HATE doctors.. he's super easy to talk to, 'gets' my sports medicine needs, and is young, still open to new ideas and patients 'taking control' of their own health ((vs old school "i know best')) BS.If your daily health needs are not too complicated I cant recommend them enough.. and as one of millions of Americans who cant get insured, their prices are great; HUGE props.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JqrWiuZklbXA2OiMlOGDRA	Great Doctor, great service. .I was super sick and trying to fight this damn super cold for about 10 days and finally decided to go to the Doctor. .My husband has gone to Dr. Doonan for years and always been pleased with the service and staff there so I decided to go to his office and am so thankful I did. .The office is extremely clean and modern. It was definitely not like most sterile urgent care offices where they just move bodies in and out and don't care about their presentation or comfort to patients. .I didn't have to wait long, I met with Rebecca first who was a sweetheart and I saw the Doctor shortly after. He told me not to worry that he sees a lot of people a day with similar symptoms and that I would be feeling much better in 24 hours. He called the pharmacist right there and ordered my prescription. I really appreciated his compassion and sense of urgency to get me feeling better. Just like he said I felt 80% in 24 hours and 100% in 48 hours - I was shocked, in a great way.. I hope I don't get sick again but if I ever do I will ALWAYS go back to Dr. Doonan and his staff. Thanks guys!	2 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nXApywRMntk939ieHRYKSQ	I cannot comment on the actual care provided by this place since I never actually got in to see the Dr....On the recommendation of a friend who is also a personal friend of the Dr Doonan and Yelp I called to set my initial appointment with this Dr. I set the appt probably about a week in advance. Day of the appointment comes along and I get a call from the receptionist saying the Dr. wasn't going to come in today but I could see a PA. I have no problems with a PA but for my first visit to a new Dr., I expect to see the actual Dr.  Not uncalled for I don't think..I called back to reschedule and asked if this was normal and I was assured it was not. I asked for a day we could guarantee the Dr. was in. We set another appointment about another week out. .Here rolls around the day of my new appointment and same thing!? I get a call from the receptionist saying the Dr. was not going to come in today either but I could see a PA. I don't want to see a PA. I want to see the Dr! (at least my first visit so I can determine if it's a place I want to continue to go.).I won't be making a 3rd appointment. I'm sure glad that this wasn't truly URGENT as I would probably be dead before the Dr. decided to come in...	11 4 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_cXHC1NW-CD_kckx-BYCSQ	I am very impressed with Urgent Care at Newport Center, and I hope that more medical care will be delivered in this service model.  Having been a consumer for decades of the traditional physician office setting, where appointments are necessary and hard to schedule, no weekend hours, etc., I find the urgent care approach refreshing, and economical..I just had my annual physical with Dr. Doonan and his team, and was extremely pleased with the care I received.  My wife has been treated here several times for a few minor ailments, as well, and she, too, has been very satisfied..I've received 5 star service, so I am reciprocating with my 5 star rating. .Bob (Newport Beach)	7 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=csNjRa-ADefOLt4D09pDgw	Everyone here kicks ass. I just got my typhoid/hep-a/malaria hookup for an upcoming trip to Nicaragua, and they were just great. Didn't have to wait in the lobby too long, the girl that gave me the shots was amazing ( didn't hurt at all ), and the girl who wrote my prescriptions was super nice and informative. To top it all off, the office was ultra clean, and the decor was surf and skate based, with pro autographs thanking Dr. Doonan all over the office. Highly recommended !!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FPSqob4V4puORMJOsbzdJw	Dr Anita Liu is an outstanding physician who has shown more concern about my health than I could have ever expected. I have been going to see her for over 10 years. Every member of  her staff is professional and friendly. She has provided the best care of any physician I ever visited. .I can't speak for those with complaints. But I can say this.. Don't equate  her lack of time with a lack of concern. Dr Liu has always shown concern above and beyond what I could expect regardless of her schedule, which is always busy (a very good sign). After all, show me a doctor who has time to waste and I'll show you a doctor that not many people want to see..I highly  recommend Dr Liu.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eQfX8ZKqxkIM3v7yCTnHRw	Dr. Anita is caring, professional, and awesome.  I have been her patient for over 8 years and what a delightful (and energetic!) doctor she is. I'm very thankful for her!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yD40lSkdXyJOq2BLuzPGVA	My entire family was seen by Dr. Liu for well over a decade when we lived in Irvine. She is so kind, caring and takes as much time as possible with you. She really gets to know her patients and what goes on in their lives -- after all, that impacts your health in a big way, and she understands that. We recently moved out of the area and very reluctantly had to change providers. Our doctor now is more convenient, geographically speaking, but we miss Dr. Liu tremendously.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zvoDcHLURhJpHDIItLlJxQ	I have had Dr. Liu for over four years. I find her an outstanding doctor. I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes to see her. She is very bright, personable and engaging. Several of my co-workers have seen her and have had the same experience.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OW36UuTCF8KnDUJEAY9kPw	i went to this office as a new patient from my previous colleague's referral. first app, there was just some med history review with the dr and forms filling and shortly after the app i did tests at a well-known lab for next app's analysis, or the actual annual physical. second app, i had the actual annual physical and dr also reviewed the test results with me. everything was fine until i got the bills from this office..first of all, the first app cost more than the actual annual physical from the 2nd app. Can you understand it ? there was only med history reviewing/forms filling with my 1st app since i was a new patient and there was nothing to begin with, and i can certainly understand that it would not be free at all. i called them a few times and finally got hold of the dr and i was told that it was the new patient fees in their industry which would be normal. the dr also said that they can charge this "new patient" fees based on the contract between them and my insurance company, who is not required to pay this "new patient" fees at all. But, the truth is that the contract between them and the dr office has a limit on how much they can charge new patients the new patient fees. and you can probably guess it: they charged me more than that limit. after lots of calls between the dr office and their financial dept they finally corrected the charge and i paid almost right away..the other thing is about my tests done at this well-known lab of national scale for my annual physical. the lab totally messed up my claims and I spent tons of money up front which would've come from my insurance company, and I sent a tremendous amount of efforts and received long suffering, all by myself, for 6 months to finally get my.money back from the lab. it's nothing to do with the dr office becasue it was not their fault. however, they wouldn't help you either and you are on your own, as long as they get the money they want from you..in summary, don't go to this dr office. i wouldn't say they don't care about patients' health, but just like some other posts here, they care about your money FAR more than anything else(including your health), and you can already sense it when you sign one or two of the documents as a new patient there. they don't care at all when there is any problem about fees between patients and other parties, such as.insurance company and test labs...etc, as long as they get their money. it's total legit that they don't care because they dont need to, as long as they get their money. but we can certainly do better than this conspicuously-downright-profit-driven and patients'-other-issues-dont-care-at-all type of business in america.	2 2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0fLHpbQnC1P86Ykbp4poxw	They tend to overbook... I waited 2 1/2 hours for a regular exam appointment only to have the doctor spend 5 minutes with me and throw a prescription my way without answering any of my questions.	3 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TJdB3ntjmfeN90fsSOyOLg	Review is for pre-Yelp days.  Both of my parents are patients of Dr Liu through family friend's recommendation.  My parents did not speak  English well at that point, so finding a doctor that can speak their native language was a big factor.  .The recommendation we were given was she is caring, very responsive, and all around a great doctor.  Unfortunately, our experience was the complete opposite.  In the first few months, I would schedule appointments for my parents, and the staff was fine, not particular helpful, but wasn't bad.  The feedback I got back from my parents on Dr Liu was she seemed to be in a hurry, and really didn't spend the time with them addressing questions.  Mind you, at this time, she was recommended by a close family friend and we all know each other's family.  I was abit taken back by the lack of attention for family friends, and not just your everyday patient..Things progressively got worse.  My parents do have some health issues, so was seeing her about once/month.  Everytime I ask about their visit, they couldn't tell me what the treatment is, nor what the doctor's recommendations..etc.  This is not due to language problem, so I was puzzled.  In addition, there has been 2 incidents where my parents would show up for an appointment where the front desk nurse screwed up the appointment day, and tried to turn my parents away.  The nurse also tried to blame my parents for the screw up, since they are senior citizen.  I keep track of all of my parents appointments, I take their medical treatments very seriously, and I DO NOT MAKE SCREW UP ON MEDICAL APPOINTMENTS.  We brought this issue to the doctor's attention, she simply brushed it off..My parents are traditional asian types, and did not want to stir up the pot among family friends, so continued to go to her despite the fact that they were getting subpar treatment..I was able to find several other great doctors who actually care for their patients well being.  Good luck to those that are seeing her, and hopefully she's learned to care.	6 1 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ERsc0Od-gN6dFPGWaE46Aw	I've been going to her for years, mainly because I was too lazy to change doctors.  The staff (seriously why is friendly helpful office workers so hard to find lately) is so-so.  Sometimes they will say hi, sometimes now.  The waiting room is tiny but who cares (unless you are waiting for over 30 minutes and you have to stand, which happens occasionally).  The reason why I'm finally leaving is because the office is too loud!  A combination of very thin walls, small office, and loud voices (Dr. Liu's voice carries throughout the office).  There is NO privacy here!  If you are okay with having your information public knowledge to everyone sitting in the waiting room, then by all means go to Dr. Liu!  Many a times I've witnessed and heard conversations between office staff and Dr. Liu regarding a patient that had just called (addressing more private matters or just complaining about that patient).  Although they can always squeeze you in when needed (probably like the prior reviewer because they like taking your money), she really is the kind of doctor that likes to overly prescribe drugs to you.  I've had drugs prescribed to me when not needed (after consulting with my doctor friends and even my local pharmacist).  In all honestly I would recommend her if not for the lack of privacy in her office setting.  I think it's VERY unprofessional to know about everyone's business and why they are in the office.  I typically have gone in because of a cold or sickness here and there so I really didn't care about privacy so much.  However I am sick of her staff and the fact that they are not professional so I am moving on to another doctor in Irvine.  Sad because she is pretty close to my house and I have gone to her for awhile but nothing has changed.  I would NOT recommend her to friends.		2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pBOVDNfRnBDJTiW0x9FjqQ	Dr Nili had been our primary physician for years. He is by far the best doctor I have ever seen. Not only he is extremely knowledgeable, he is also so kind and compassionate and always genuinely caring for his patients. He is truly one of a kind. Our family is so grateful to him for his expertise as well as his kindness.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ajiyhQ0M4AfufZIYWyxtnQ	Dr. Nili is the best. I went to the office couple of months ago for the first time and I easily did make an appointment the day before. Although it was the Friday before the long weekend, it only took me five minutes to be taking care of since I already filed the papers online. The staff were really nice. Maryam is such a nice and sweet lady that you can rely on from the very beginning of the first conversation. She returned my message herself, letting me know my lab work was normal. Thank you Dr. Nili. You and your staff are the best.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CcOYl0-cWc2FWYb1beksnQ	Dr. Nili and his staff are very helpful. Every appointment I've had, I have left feeling cared about because of how considerate Dr. Nili and his staff are. .If you're looking for quality care, you've found the right place. :)	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cdugcWGwo0BBUBjzUZby-Q	I've been a patient of Dr. Nili's for 8 years and he is an excellent and caring doctor. His patients are top priority. He takes his time to listen to your concerns and patiently addresses all the issues and questions you have.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=m92gEyLI2KXGUr_II6mKJg	Very disappointing place.   Went there as a new patient with high hopes - this dr seems to have pretty reviews. .Arrived there pretty much on time, filled out all paperwork in advance from home as I was instructed when I called to make an appointment.   .Once I arrived, I already guessed I was in trouble - 4 people were waiting ahead of me already.  .Patiently waited and after no word came from the office assistant when I will be able to see the doctor, i was told that she scheduled the appointment 30 mins later just in case I would not have filled out the paperwork in advance.   I ended up waiting another 45 mins at which point I just left.   Waiting an hour and 15/20 min is just not acceptable - especially if it is not during rush hour.   .This doc may or not be a good doctor, but he and his staff have no respect for his patients time.  Definitely not going again.	7 5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XqxnCqGxYYiS3GHSm9hrpA	Dr. Nili is a very nice and passionate Doctor. I respect him and Im sure if he knew some patients have problem with his receptionists, he would do something about it..My Review is here for his Receptionists. The term  Return calls is not introduced to them. First of all, they try to give you medical advice which I dont think it's professional. Then whenever they say they will give you a call back, they have NEVER done that ! They still owe me 4 call backs!! The term I'm in pain, please ask the doctor to send me/pharmacy the prescription is just like saying " Whenever you had time during the next month, ask the doctor or your grandma, to give me a prescription" ! .I asked them to ask the doctor to give ma an extra blood work that I go to the lab just once, that was 4 months ago!!! .When I was 27, I asked the receptionist to check if I can get my HPV shot under my insurance coverage in their office, Now I'm 31 and never got back their phone call !.I called 3 hours ago with a lot of pain , and then called back one hour ago to check if the doctor had sent my prescription to the pharmacy,.... not answered!.I called the pharmacy I thought maybe they have send the prescription to the pharmacy, but no luck ! .So, I had to say it ! But Again! I think Dr. Nili is a very nice doctor, But I cannot take it anymore with his unprofessional receptionists..So.. Update !   Finally I found one the girls in his office who cares about everyone and everything!  Aida is the best :)	1 1 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1CEZN3wbHLEvdxRjR161Qw	This practice is outstanding in terms of their reception, medical assistants and practitioners. They are very respectful, caring and responsive. Both doctor and nurse practitioner are very present to what patient is saying and care about the patient's health as a whole, with a holistic perspective. Very unique in how they treat people and making the patient a partner in their own health.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=u2UtrV7ZLzs0E-vn66-ZMw	I was searching for a new primary care doctor in a hurry (we just moved to CA and I was enrolling with new insurance.)  Though I was skeptical of just trusting reviews on the internet, I'm so glad I did..My initial visit with Dr. Nili was good, he took the time to hear me out regarding my health, history, etc.  But the real reason for 5 stars is his ability to help me when I really needed a doc.  I called in desperate pain with my shoulder.  I got right in, he helped me manage my pain and got me to an ortho in about 24 hours!  Dr. Nili even personally called me to check in after I called regarding a reaction to a medication he gave me.  That's quite rare these days..Office staff is great.  Liz, Dr. Nili's nurse, is extremely patient and will go the extra mile to help..Overall, I am so glad I found this terrific, highly recommended office.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZVBXAETT1BxxHV_ICwb6Pg	Dr. Nilli is always so attentive, he takes time to answer all your questions. He makes everyone feel so comfortable. His staff, nurse practioner (MaryAnne), and facilities are absolutely amazing! I would never go anywhere else. Yes, you may have to wait a little bit for your appointment time, but please note that Dr. Nili takes his time with patients and ensures that you understand him and he understands you. You will not go wrong with him.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lSE7yrM8d6VS32wLBPTpHQ	My husband and I both come here and are very happy with Dr. Nili. Yes, there has always been a wait even with an appointment, but it's probably because he spends so much time with each patient. I never feel like I am being rushed. In fact he always makes sure there is nothing else I have questions about. Also, he seems to have more of a conservative approach to treating issues. He's not quick to prescribe meds and send you on your way. He genuinely wants to get to the root of a problem. To us, that's most important.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8rSrm1HCgm-bU8LsTGChrw	Dr. Nili is a wonderful physician who cares about his patients.  He is very observant and methodical and cares about patient's wellness immensely.  We trust and respect his judgment entirely.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fLIXrS5rvRs_2SnoxKxaqw	My Husband see him and he has always been wonderful. Even during off hours he calls you promptly and always take the time to listen and give clear directions during any situation. We are very happy that we have found this provider!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TaZU9xjsaCpKYirpriUYzg	I have had him as my doctor for over 8 years. In fact, I don't live in OC any more but still drive down from LA to see him. Great doctor, very caring, spends time with you and has a loyal clientelle.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BA7sy6jwhTTlUV5bA9E8hw	Dr. Nili is about to move from his office on Corporate Park and heading over near Sand Canyon. This is welcome news to me, as I live down south and drive about 20-30 minutes each way to see him. Having said that, I would drive to Texas to see him if I had to. His bedside manner, professionalism, intelligence, concern, staff, and ability to properly diagnose and treat symptoms make him, EASILY, the best doctor I've ever had in my 36yrs. Trying to go off of memory, I believe I've been going for approx. 6-8 years now and I expect to be a life-long patient. He is, without a doubt, what you hope and pray walks through the door with the white coat and stethoscope when you're waiting in the little room sick as a dog. An outstanding doctor and probably one of the better general medicine practitioners in OC as far as I'm concerned.....I honestly cannot say enough about the way patients are treated here. Special mention for his staff Liz (been there forever), Aida (a bit newer) and the 3rd girl whose name escapes me. They conduct themselves as you would expect working for such a great doctor and only add to the overall impression of his practice.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tfh0TviMeM6zcTOu1eVF4Q	I am a 33 year old mom of a toddler. I run a company and lift regularly in the gym. When I went in to see doctor Breen I was at a low point. My glands in my neck swelled regularly, I wasn't sleeping well and my mood was very down. Dr Breen ordered a ton of labs which were ready in a much shorter amount of time than any other doctor in the past. When I went into his office for the consultation he explained things in great detail and made sure I was comfortable and clear on my path for treatment. .Just a few weeks later I have a ton more energy in and out of the gym. My head is clearer again and I am running my company with more calm and decisiveness. My marriage is what I wanted it to be because now I'm contributing more to it. Everyone has bad days now and again but now I have much fewer and many good days that I enjoy. I would recommend doctor Breen to anyone feeling sluggish or in need of a doctor who listens and values patients.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4g4SsO7RB_SINnOeaeq_Mg	Dr Sean Breen is by far the most professional Doctor in the industry. He truly cares about his patients and isn't writing a rec to just anyone with a pulse. (very different from most). Great guy with a genuine desire to help others. His background just makes you feel like you are in the best hands. .His staff is GREAT and very accommodating.	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WM4F_oTn0K4iS36bmyBCow	I have had the pleasure to work with the doctor and his staff for going on two years. The follow up, professionalism and responsiveness has been stellar. I travel and have a very demanding schedule and he is very accommodating. His staff follows up as I ask and do what they say they will do. I had a billing mix up once on an order I placed and the doctor didn't hesitate to reverse it and make it right. .The doctor works to see things from the patients perspective and more specifically mine. He knows what it is like to be busy, raise a family, and run a business. He is a business owner running his medical practice and practicing medicine. He isn't a slave to the insurance companies so he gets to get to know patients and take care of people the way they should be. .I would strongly recommend Dr Breen to anyone that is looking for this kind of diligence in the care they seek from their medical professional. He cares about his patients, he goes above and beyond and I know I can count on him for all my medical needs.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-O0xA_qWbHfMr9LmhQRCDw	I have been seeing Dr. Breen for a year now and this has been the best decision I have ever made for my overall health! After years of misdiagnosis, Dr. Breen has helped me turn my health around from an autoimmune disease. I feel like a different person from a year ago. After going over all my initial bloodwork, I started a nutrition plan along with suppliments to manage my issuses. Dr. Breen and his amazing staff were always there for me when I had questions. I could schedule an in person appointment or phone call any time. It was worth every penny to get my health back on track and for everything they taught me to go forward with my new healthy lifestyle in the future.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jEMvuTR6oQDAF6PnZWyyAA	5 Stars for Dr. Breen, more importantly 5 Stars for the way i feel! i'm a man in his late forties, who was always tired, no metabolism, and fighting my weight!  after meeting with Dr. Breen this last year i have lost 20 plus pounds (keeping them off) sleeping much better, with more energy. the professionalism with which he and his staff treat me, and the plan that he has me on is outstanding. i feel like i have a very clear understand of what is going on with my body and a clear path to change. thank you Dr. Breen.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FMVueRZ6ygttTkUsTxvKtw	Dr. Breen gave me my life back.  I'd been feeling like a zombie for five years, ever since I returned from my combat deployments to Iraq.  Dr. Breen immediately recognized my severely depressed testosterone levels during my consultation and the lab results confirmed this.  My body was completely broken down and my energy levels were non-existent.  I had a very low libido and was sad/depressed daily.  I now have regained my libido and am much more cheerful everyday.  I now have a postive outlook on life - before I felt I had no hope.  Having been an elite athlete and losing my confidence and muscle was devastating to me.  Dr. Breen helped at the drop of a dime, no smoke and mirrors.  The VA NEVER helped me with this problem, eventhough I had expressed concern for YEARS.  Dr. Breen even helped me with the financial costs of his program, knowing that I've been struggling with PTSD and work and that I don't have a lot of money.  In a world of sham artists, Dr. Breen is the REAL DEAL.    .Thank you Dr. Breen - I can't thank you enough.	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kDBj25CzdvimO6S06wKTrw	I have always been a healthy and active person but never pushed myself to be my personal best.  I began training in the gym seriously and was unhappy with the way that I felt.  I did not have very much energy and was having trouble understanding why.   I am thankful I found Dr. Breen!  Dr. Breen invested a good bit of time learning about me and my goals and put me on track to feeling my personal best.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kBFmpGu4m59EwFDEudsmKA	After extensively researching all of the bioidentical hormone doctors in Orange County and even outside, I came upon Dr. Breen's website and was hoping he would live up to what he seemed. He has far exceeded my hopes to find not just a bioidentical doctor, but a doctor in general who has the expertise, wisdom, applied practice, and research-based methods. After working with multiple doctors in trying to determine my hormonal balance, I was disappointed to find very few who looked at the whole picture versus using memorized facts on very limited aspects of my imbalance. Dr. Breen not only knows the latest research-based hormone information but is able to synthesize and apply the knowledge in a very specialized manner to my needs. I am a 33-year-old female who went from feeling exhausted, down, sluggish, brain fog, (to name a few), to feeling the best I have felt in years with Dr. Breen's help. And an added bonus is the wonderful office staff they have, both professionally and relationally. I have since recommended Dr. Breen to multiple friends and family.	6	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HHXG0AdRxhjYUq37jdULeQ	Yes, very professional.  We felt like our health was important to him.  In addition, he provided us with helpful information for total body health.	3 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eljGviNc24ozRCNus5WfxQ	I'm the kind of person that does not like to go to the doctor at all! Having Tamara O'Nan as my doctor makes it so much easier and more pleasurable to go! She is one in a million!! In fact, I drive 20 minutes just to get to her because I liked her so much when she was only 3 minutes from me!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w6DQ5I-PO90xzFmJNnQkJw	Very informative and helpful.  Tamara took the time to explain everything and I would highly recommend her to anyone I know.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O4g9TxlG9rcAhvgcIsns-w	Alison is professional and courteous and always explains what she is doing and why.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qFxfejXThz-lH21VjACT0w	Alison Omel, PA-C is very kind and patient.  She is a good listener and she is quick to follow up on anything that isn't quite right.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qcpyQ8qAi-qzp4bfS74LmA	Dr. Fishbein was able to fit me in his busy schedule it's rare nowadays to find an office like that, they'll work with your schedule to meet your needs. The office is very clean, they have automated log in and very attentive staff. They have convenient location and tons of parking.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2JHe6_ycOTr4g3PBQ0XH2Q	Tamara explained things completely, listened to and answered all of my questions, and gave me alternatives from which to choose.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iITohMgusYIpP1yl6QaPiw	Dr. Fishbein is always very attentive.  He talks to you, and actively listens.  You are not lectured or 'talked down to'.  He ensures that you have the information and any medication that you may need, before leaving the office. I like that they have an automated log in system.  The entire staff is very attentive and friendly.  It says a lot that the staff does not change every 6 months.  Highly recommended!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T3LKf3C7w8q8lERBFLX4gg	I recently decided to change doctors as my previous doctor and office made it so very difficult to make routine appointments and to make matters worse, I was always treated as a number and a number should always get in line and wait. Never was there an urgency to address my questions etc..Today I found a new doctor and office and I am very very happy. The staff was extremely friendly, they went out of the way to make me feel important and they even have all the online tools to supplement my experience so that I can get the primary care I feel I deserve..Doctor David Bunten is awesome. I'm no spring chicken and I've been through plenty of doctors to know better to worse and Dr Bunten is one of the BEST! !! He took the time to ask the right questions and provided me with answers to all my questions. Never felt rushed and I felt very welcomed..I left this office feeling good about my experience and that's important.	3 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TPyoGE6TtKGUkOW5E7aghw	Tamara is the best doctor I've ever had. She is extremely compassionate and will go out of her way to accommodate her patients.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=75WG3lBQvs0kgSASCv-nNQ	Tamara O'Nan is one of the best medical providers I have EVER had.  She is competent, knowledgeable, and she makes you feel like she really cares about you as a patient.  She explains things very well and she is very professional.  At the same time, she is very pleasant and personable.  Tamara is phenomenal.  She has an excellent bedside manner and makes the patient feel very comfortable during the exam.  She spends a lot of time with the patient and she is very thorough.  Absolutely top notch!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=suTqwHCL7L4823mAh3aq9g	A note of gratitude toward P.A. Mrs. Tamara O'Nan ~.Tamara's pleasant, empathetic demeanor is sensational.  Her ability to diagnosis, provide thorough follow-through and feedback is simply perfection.  .Related to health issues I depend on her 100%!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Fyj9u1IefvzFAaMGed4pEw	I have had nothing but great experiences at this office. Tamra is amazing. She takes her time and listens to you and she has a great energy. And, everyone else I've seen is great as well. Another benefit is the people at the front desk have always been polite. I would recommend to anyone.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lY5YcnsC8LgJEZMjiay97Q	Tamara is friendly, appears understanding of my opinions and is not pushy at all; very pleasant.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rBxL-OHssOmoUwOBdBWSTQ	Tamara was so sweet and awesome. I saw her yesterday because of my anxiety that has gotten worse over the past couple of months. She was very welcoming and understanding and she knew exactly where I was coming from. She was so honest and helpful and it was nice talking to someone who understood me and what I was dealing with. She gave me so many solutions of things I can do. I told her I did not want to go the medical route so she gave me a list of therapists I could see and a list of other things I could do. She also didn't rush to prescribe medication for me because she knew I didn't want that. She was understanding and put medicine as the last option. I was really comfortable talking to her because she was so comforting and welcoming. I really appreciate her for spending so much time with me and not making me feel rushed. She is caring, understanding, and one of the sweetest people i've seen. I HIGHLY recommend her. Thank you Tamara for everything!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_7MvmK9mB9w6iafcFygSdA	Tamara O'Nan is wonderful!  She takes her time at every appointment and really get to know her patients. She never makes me feel rushed and it's very thorough. I highly recommend Ms. O'NAN.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=USsOvqOiqB4xYwJkUiPFEg	Tamara O'nan makes me feel very comfortable.  She is very thorough and asks me all the right questions.  She makes seeing a doctor a pleasant experience no matter what you're in for.  I recommend Tamara 100%.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1zOfL5JIDIF_k8zw35Vc4A	You guys are always quick to see me also your prices for visits are not too expensive( I'm a cash patient) I've been seeing Alison for a while now and I'm very happy .		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yGWIPnCIXJSmt7KYXQ-JcQ	The Family Care Centers (4950 Barranca Pkwy, Suite 103, Irvine, CA 92604) is small clinic but they charge like a big hospital. .On my last annual checkup, my bill jumped 100% and when I asked the reason, the doctor said he addressed two questions/issues other than the preventative exam..It appears their standard policy is to charge for any questions asked during the preventative checkup. Be sure to double check your statement after your visit.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gqbt0opcp6Qp4lDO4naqlg	Dr. Peter Monfore has been my family care physician, since I was a child. He saved my life as a child by telling my mother to take me to the hospital, because with his assessment and expertise he believed I had appendicitis. If he hadn't told my mother to take me that day, the surgeon said my appendix would have burst. He has taken care of me ever since. :) He has a keen sense of judgement; he uses discretion, and he has the most genuine bedside manner. .As an adult I still go to see him when I am ill; although I can't choose him as my primary care physician, because he works in the Urgent Care. He is the most compassionate doctor I have ever had. I have the utmost respect for his honesty and medical intuition, and I trust him with my life. I wouldn't be alive today if it weren't for him.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ntvRg4-v2J1E5bGscdG_ZA	my mom and I we had good experience with them and the staff they were nice and professional and warm, also we had visit with Joan Boughey DNP BC ,she was amazing ,very professional and very nice person  ..we thank you all		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1B4UAI3aSSyzeV7LJhfb7w	Dr. Bunten was not able to see me for a deep splinter in my hand, so his PA - Allison - was able to help me.  She felt the splinter couldn't be removed in the exam room, so she referred me to Dr. Ip at Hoag Orthopedic.  Due to the splinter, I had to get a tetunus shot and the nurse there was so patient administering the shot as I nervously awaited.  I didn't even feel it!  Woohoo!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vQ13838Y0MVTkPTcezkEbQ	Dr. Monfore and staff were very patient and attentive to my senior mother.  My mother had fallen and arrived bloody and in need of stitches.  They saved me a trip to ER, as it happened around 7pm.  They immediately tended to her, cleaned her up and kept her comfortable.   Everyone treated her with dignity.  Dr. Monfore spent a lot of time with her.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bEYwnAt0KTLthJHBHlqv6w	Dr Ronald Young is a 'top notch doc.'  I've been using his services for the usual stuff for a couple of years and I really like his demeanor, obvious concern for each patient, and friendly advice that will help improve my health (IF I follow it!  ;-).A Good palce to go IMO.	11 10 10	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E374c916Pbcqfs9Ye9Trmw	Dr. Monfore is decent, no problems with my visit. BUT this review is about HOW they conduct their business. If you want them to ruin your credit score? this is the place. If you want them to send you bills in the mail every week? done and done. if you want them to make your life a living hell? perfect spot. .I have excellent PPO insurance which covers everything and they simply felt like not billing it and sending me the bill instead even though they take my insurance and my insurance pays handsomely. After calling my insurance to ask why they had not paid, my insurance informed me they had never received the bill. This was a month after my visit. .A month later, bills again. I call and ask if they had billed my insurance and Family Care Center said they had been denied. I call my insurance, still no claim for that date of service. No claim means impossible to deny. Family Care Center then said, ok we'll bill "again". This happened 3 more times. .Meanwhile my car insurance bumped up my rate because my credit score reflected an "unpaid medical bill". .It has been 5 months since my visit and when i called Family Care Center to get the situation resolved and was told there was nothing they could do and i would have to talk to a representative. I expressed that if this didn't get resolved today and if they didn't call me back right away, i would report them to the Better Business Bureau. Family Care Center then told me that it was impossible and HUNG UP ON ME. .So much for the Hippocratic Oath.	6 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UQDiUIj4A3zy1MDF6TiKEw	I must first start out to say that Dr. Young and Dr. Goodfellow are top notch doctors and I hate to write a bad review about their practice but the main problem is the front desk staff.  They are unfriendly, unhelpful and borderline incompetent.  Every time you call, no matter what time of day they put you on hold for at least 10 minutes. The kicker was the last time we were there my wife needed a prescription and they recommended we use the pharmacy "next door". The woman acted like it was painful to tell me where the pharmacy was located and we had to find it on our own.  After we arrived at the pharmacy and waited there for 15 minutes we found that they failed to send the prescription and were out to lunch for an hour and a half.  No we are at home 15 miles away with no prescription.  Terrible customer service.  Also they try to charge me a co-pay every time when my insurance doesn't have one.	5 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ooLgZgUoLG58-_T1zESmxg	I try to be sparing with my 5s, but am really struggled to figure out why not to offer a 5 here.  My end reason was that they abide my insurance company's rules, which isn't their fault but is annoying.  Front staff is delightful and helpful.  Both their Physician Assistants and their Physicians are awesome.  Great family doctors if you live in Irvine.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=23_DfS0ojdNS-MFGF_SjsQ	as i get older there are a few things i realize about the world we live in and about myself.  i call this "getting wiser"...some fancy name, huh?.one thing for sure is, like any machine, older body gets weaker and breaks down easily.  with my non existing dietary plan and work out regime, i get sick more often than ever and the regular over the counter medicines no longer cure my sickness..another thing is nothing on tv is remotely true.  there's no such doctors as mcdreamy and mcsteamy.  the best i could find was dr. mccaring, which is my doctor younis.  i always call in for the same day appointment and somehow, the receptionist magically squeezes me in (i do make myself sound worse than i actually am).  i never have to wait longer than 5 minutes to see dr. maccaring once i am at his office.  dr. maccaring starts his examination with caring words and shows genuine concern for my wellness.  he also remembers the most trivial things about his patients and tries to unnerve them by chatting up.  .yes, sometimes, the reality is better than the fake tv world.  however, if there is a dr. mcdreamy and mcsteamy outside of grey's anatomy, i am willing to let go of my dr. mccaring.  i told you that i am in that "getting wiser" stage of my life.	3 17 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RODejg145BzCKb6d56_wLQ	Retire? Doctor Younis better not retire! I've been going to him for 91/2 years ever since he literally saved my life. It's awful nice to have a place where you can call Jenny at the front desk when you're sick and she does everything she can to get you in to see the doctor the same day. And it's great to have a doctor who knows everything about you and takes personal interest in you. Besides he is much too young to retire, he has at least another 20 years!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gMN35RjJWdwNCf6PlqTj1w	If you need antibiotics, bloodwork, or a referral forget coming here. Since my Former Dr went concierge there is no one like him. I had to beg for bloodwork and a referral. Got some vague results back and going to a specialist. I have been in severe pain in my joints and they can't write any prescriptions for any of the symptoms. Agter this I can say I would never recommend this Dr. Not compassionate at all.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v9jUsPYosx6XeRNbNYFG6w	Great doctor, great hard working staff. Rare to have both. This Doctor has a great sense of humor and is on his game. He knows his stuff and does not waste your time nor keeps you waiting for extended period of time. Nice environment and just happy people with smiles on their faces all the time. If the problem is not his specialty he will give you a referral on the spot and his great staff will do the rest in less than a couple of hours. They have done referrals for me that I thought took weeks to get. Nope only hours with this office very attentive and very informative. You get in and you get out. Another re feral from ATG....:)	2 2 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mgFMztF4sJTiS4NcnN0hkg	I came here a few weeks ago for my annual physical and saw Kirsten, who is one of Dr. Younis's PA's. She has a great demeanor, was very thorough in her examination, and patiently answered all of my questions and concerns. .As part of my physical, I was asked to do some blood work with a local laboratory. Dr. Younis's office called me once the results had arrived to go over the results. I was surprised to have received the call, as I expected it would be necessary for me to follow up with them (particularly given how my last visit to Dr. Younis's office went). .In any case, I was very happy with the service and attention provided by Kirsten that I did not hesitate to revise my prior review..Tip: when paying for your co-pay, please note that they only accept cash or check (no credit cards).	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ypm9IB9iZkwY71FKkYeLkg	Located on the corner of Barranca and Culver in the Mimi's Cafe plaza.  Dr. Younis is great - everytime I've called he's been able to squeeze me into his schedule the day of!  He is friendly, and asks about your life and shares a bit about his too so he is personable and easy to talk to..When I asked to take a urine test to check some things, he immediately warned me that it's pricey and if I don't really need it, to wait until I have insurance.  I like that he doesn't try to throw all these tests and other suggestions at you - unlike some other doctors I've had in the past.  I'm always wary about doctors because they upcharge for stupid reasons and some practices are super shady, but Dr. Younis seems very upfront and honest..The only reason I can't give this place a 5 star review is because they only take Cash or Check, so make sure you bring your checkbook with you!!  I wish they had charge, it would make my life so much easier.  One time I didn't have enough cash or a check on hand, so they made an exception and allowed me to mail in the payment.  Still, it's a big hassle.	7 3 4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=42wvwxNw89DwiZnHTxe9Ew	I called to leave a message for the office and an answering service picked up.  She asked for my name and I gave it.  She asked for my date of birth.  I said, why is that necessary.  She said she was instructed to do so.  I said, maybe I will just give you an incorrect dob and she said, you will have to call on Monday.  I asked for her name and she said, my name is Joy and the doctor knows me very, very well.  She said it in an arrogant way, probably her way of telling me that I can't get her her trouble even if I complain.   Why would I have to give my personal information, including a dob for a simple message specially if they do not offer an option for me to leave a voice message.  I think Joy, the answering service staff, needs to find another line of work if she gets defensive and arrogant in dealing with customers.  Both Dr. Younis and Kirsten do a great job serving their customers but if they allow Joy, the answering service staff to be the facade of their office when they are closed, it's probably a bad decision.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eGyip-rklkqXxSwe83TkOA	Dr. Younis is one of the last dew doctors out there in private practice that practices medicine by actually seeing his patients. He has an incredible bed side manner and I cannot say enough about the adduce staff!! From the moment you walk in the gorgeously decorated office ( and I mean from top to bottom, marble floors and custom lighting) you get the feeling that you are amongst individuals that know and care about what they are doing. Very professional and efficient. Thank you for being amazing!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=H2Scya0wCVqECMtnd79kiQ	Beware new patients:.Whoever does the billing here did not send in appropriate paperwork to my insurance and thus, I was billed directly. My insurance sent me a copy of the letter requesting information from the doctor's office and included a note that no further action was required by me..I guess it was my fault for not taking action, but clearly someone didn't do their job here.	8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gTCc-5uLJ_RTK_hV6x_bsg	After reading some of these reviews on this site, I felt obligated to respond.  I can't help but feel some of these individuals are simply bitter.  I have had nothing but the best care at Dr. Younis' office.  Dr. Younis is no nonsense and the most personable doctor you have ever met.  He listens to your concerns and is the best diagnostician there is in Orange County.  He has been voted the Top Internal Medicine doctors by St. Joesph Hospital multiple times.  They run a very busy office because they are one of the best.  I rarely wait too long for my appointments and all of my concerns are always addressed.  The staff is accommodating in getting me scheduled quickly.  One of the reviews I read, mentions he had missed appointments on multiple occasions.  It's difficult to run an office smoothly when patients are inconsiderate for everyone's time. I highly recommend this office.  I can't say enough about the staff.  Kirsten Fick, Physician Assistant, is also amazing and caring.  Together, Dr. Younis and Kirsten make an excellent medical team and I trust them with my entire family's health.  Stay healthy everyone!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Jv4qhumzS4BBEJ2rpxM60A	I have only been here twice. The staff is extremely kind, however, I did not find that they were thorough. I needed some blood work done as a routine check-up but they missed two tests specific to me based on my health history. I had to specifically request them on my next visit. This caused my visits more expensive than they should have been.	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=z-NvFeSNghkQD4NT7b3o8A	First of all, the missing star is for having to wait an hour and a half after calling and scheduling a same-day appointment. Those can be pretty hit-or-miss..I went to Dr Younis as a recent transplant to Irvine. I had no medical insurance at the time, and would not be covered for another week, so I had to find someone who would take me. I called at 11 am asking for an appointment in the afternoon, and they were able to give me a 2:30 pm appointment. When I got there, I ended up having to wait an hour and 20 minutes due to some unforeseen craziness that I didn't quite understand. .I was in a lot of pain, so the waiting was pretty unpleasant, but Dr Younis himself was excellent. He took time to listen to my complaints and came up with a plan that, while it meant I was really sick, was still clear and considered the fact that I had no insurance. He is very personable and caring, and is quite good. Highly recommend him.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ktHCrVXEtCZC_Qr-LQVh0g	I am leaving Dr. Younis's practice. After being a patient for many years here, I find that I am treated as nothing but an appointment to Samy. I went in for a regular appointment to get my prescriptions refilled and brought in all my presecriptions that I needed (which he prescribed). Dr. Younis said no problem after my physical. Dr. Younis missed one and when I contacted the office letting them know that they missed it, they wanted me to come back in and pay for another appointment. Second time this has happened in the last two years and that in my book is not  a Dr. that I want. Why do I want to come back a second time and sit in the waiting room for an additional 15 minutes because he made a mistake. Not too mention that I have to pay for the appointment. No thank you. There are more patient friendly doctors out there.	7 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Fh5-HNtvFnuWvpF69Ajkig	I've been going to Dr. Samy for about 10 years now. Seems as I get older I see him more often....The office is very professional, I've never had a billing problem like some of the complainers,er reviewers below. The waiting times are always short (for a Dr. appointment). .As for Dr. Samy, he's a good doctor, very caring and will take his time with you. Last visit was for a reaction to a bad chiro adjustment I had. After some few tests, he sat down & spent quite a bit of time with me talking about his thoughts & experiences (both pro & con) on adjustments. I felt like I always do when I see him, that I'm a patient that he values and  cares about. .Is there really much else you want in a doctor?	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OoGB9uDF2b25WgyXcYjpVQ	HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  Staff is courteous, friendly, caring, thorough.  Dr. Younis & his PA, Kirsten are very Knowledgeable & Patient and take the time to discuss your concerns and their evaluations.  I need to add additional praise for Kirsten - She is AMAZING!  I could add several adjectives but know people want the bottom line - AMAZING.  Do NOT HESITATE to be seen by her. I have been a patient for many years, have referred friends, was referred by a family member - All have been treated very well and continue with Dr. Younis.  For those with complaints, I can only say that everyone has an off day - I just hope you don't let that tarnish the reputation of a Doctor/office that has proven themselves very worthy to thousands of patients. And, possibly, just maybe - you were having the "off" day - it is possible.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=C3twfDCf2hcTrVaTiVbPcQ	I visited Dr. Younis' office today, and I just want to say that the staff is excellent!  From Jenni and the front desk, to Jess who took my stats and reason for visit, to Kristen the PA - all were very professional, efficient, and friendly.  Keep up the great work!  They know how to make someone feel good (your health and well being is in great care) even though your health is at issue.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5lyQQy4A4xBqpSK4Q-PRDg	I have been a patient of Dr. Younis for many years. Both my adult children are patients of his also, as is my sister. My elderly parents recently moved here and I take them to Dr. Younis. He is a kind and compassionate man. He treats the "whole person", not just the symptoms. All his staff know us personally and whenever I call if I have an urgent matter I am able to get an appointment right away. They are a very busy office, but always make you feel important and welcome. Kirsten Fick, the PA is also wonderful. She really listens to you, takes her time and is friendly. I am completely satisfied with the care and service I receive from Dr. Younis and his staff and recommend him to everyone.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c5vx371V7MF871fEXwqrFA	I went to Dr. Younis for the first time because he was assigned to me by Medi-cal.  I wasn't expecting much.  From the moment I walked in all my doubts disappeared.  Right off the bat the receptionist Jenni greeted me and had everything prepared for me to fill out (I always dread all that new patient paperwork!) She also got right on the phone with Medi-cal to straighten out a couple of insurance issues for me! That gesture alone was a life saver for me (i hate dealing with that stuff). .Once the requisite paperwork was done I was called in with no wait! WOW!  The nurses were all very welcoming to me smiling and saying hello as they passed. .As for Dr Youis, he was genuinely interested in me and my medical history, and let me tell you I have chronic issues that need constant attention.  He was great in suggesting a specialist and explaining everything to me..If Dr. Youis is part of your medical plan don't hesitate to go to him!	4 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jWrmHSH5ttjosFfFIrT-eA	I have been going to this great Dr many years. My mom had him  and I loved his wonderful beside manners  and knowledge of problems. I switched to him and glad I did . This dr really cares about his patients and what happens to them his Pa  Kristen is just as caring. Office staff is great and friendly. I highly recommend.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jb6cw7q-1uanm4SAyfZr6g	an amazing doctor.  he's the best doctor i have ever had.  .my twin brother and i trust him with our lives!!!!  he takes his time to diagnose you with the utmost respect and care..if Yelp had 10 stars, he'd get all 10.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8r43P_LTeU-AXk_RuAi5-w	Please beware their business office is very unorganized, they lost my medical record and they  act like nothing happen or its not their fault, i'm shocked...... I walked in to Dr Younis demanding an explanation on why they never responded to my previews faxed and signed request to forward my medical records to my new doctor, all they said " we're sorry we cant find your records" I demanded to talk to the manager (Yolanda, Dr Younis's Wife, no knowing that at the time) when she showed up she told me that my records were purged and she needs a bit of time to get them ready, but 5 days later my new doctor was told that they were lost, so i guess Yolanda was laying to me. i will have no other choice but to seek a legal action about the Dr and his staff.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l9cWYWzeomhMbX1od866Sg	My family and I have been seeing Dr Younis for the past 20+ years!! He is like family! I couldn't imagine seeing a different doctor! He and his staff are so caring, so friendly! So accommodating! So if you're  in the market and are not satisfied with the one you have! I highly highly recommend you contacting them! I love you all at Dr. Younis' office!.Love,.Kim	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jkWInYyYnqwmJiDBlqGpww	I have received a call from Dr Younis regarding my Labs results and everything was perfect, my A1C is trending down from 12.9, now its 8.2.  I followed everything what Dr Younis instructed me to do and followed his recommended medication regimen.  I was 218 lbs and now I am 165lbs.  Since my last post ( 10/16/2015), I have never been this healthy for many years.  I have read some negative reviews about him, like " he talks too much " or "he never listens". To those people,  maybe you need to stop for a minute and listen to him, rather than insisting what you think is right, maybe you people will learn something.  .As what I have said before and will say it again, He is not just a good MD, but a human being who truly cares for his patients..One more, when I enter his office, I feel welcome and everybody gives you a smile.  I love the way Jennie, greets me "  Hi Sweetie ".  She make feel like a human being, not like a number..Thank you Dr Younis for everything you do for me and my family. If I live to be 90 to enjoy my life with my family, I owe that to you.. Louie	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ucCLtkXuDqjjN7gjjiOWBw	Younis Samy A, MD.Overall .5 Stars.Gold medal- Efficient.Silver medal - Informational.Bronze medal - Great Service.So far so good!  I am not sure about the other bad reviews here on Yelp, but I went in today for a full check up and it went great..I requested a female doctor and saw Kirsten Fick the PA.  When I arrived there was NO wait!  Unlike some of the other doctors offices where I had waited 1 hr+ in the past due to over booking, Samy's office had NO wait!  I was in and out in 35 minutes..Kirsten was very informational.  She answered all my questions and concerns.  She requested extra tests to insure that I was healthy.  She was very professional and nice. Kirsten answered my billing concerns.  I could not of asked for a better examine..Great service from the receptionist to the examine..HAPPY EXAMINING!!	5 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Y-AH5LNlzMd1mu7fUDDNAQ	My husband and I have both seen Dr. Younis and the PA and the past and are decent. But the office staff needs to get their act together. .Here is what made my husband and I leave their practice:.1)I called the office 9am the day after Labor Day and inquired whether the office has the MMR vaccine. I was placed on hold for 5 minutes and the receptionist says they dont have it and to go to a pharmacy. I called Walgreens and they charge $99 for it. I was just going to go that route, but I figured, I have insurance...why am I paying out of pocket for something that should be a covered preventative benefit? So, knowing I have an HMO I thought maybe if the Dr. called in the prescription for the MMR vaccine, then the insurance may cover it. After many minutes waiting on hold and a whole day later, I found out that the office magically does carry the MMR. So someone clearly is giving misinformation in the office, which at that point I begin to question the competence of the office staff. I was corresponding with Jenny on Day 2 and told me she will call my insurance company and promised to call me back my 6pm. GUESS WHAT??? NO CALL!!!! By Day 3, I was just down right upset. Why does it take 3 days for an office to figure out whether they have and whether I can get a vaccine that I KNOW IS COVERED by my insurance? The last conversation I had was with Jenny who promised me that she will call me back in 10 minutes and get me an answer...and guess what? NO RETURN CALL. Surpise, surpise. When you tell someone you will call them and dont, that is considered lying and you lose customers trust, which is exactly what happened..2)I made 8 calls over the course of 3 days to follow-up on this issue, and the bottom line was that I never got a solid answer as to whether the MMR could be administered here or not. That was the last straw and called my insurance company and changed PCPs. .3)They only take cash.4)Jenny (one of the receptionists) refers to everyone as "sweetie" and "honey". Now she may think this is a term of endearment and is providing excellent customer service by being nice and fuzzy, but quite frankly as a mother, wife and a PhD graduate, I find this VERY condescening, inappropriate and unprofessional.	11 6 3	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XFivmy7ONFItUhJ7fNp-rw	Dr. Younis has been my doctor for a long time,I stayed with him despite long hours of travel because he has a good bedside manner. He is very thorough with his assessment and always on top of my medical needs. His office is very nice, quiet and relaxing environment. Staffs are very accommodating, nice and restpectful. You will get a follow up call regarding laboratory results right away and office waiting time is short and at times you will be seen right away. Dr. Younis is like a family,he even recommended a good pediatrician for my kids. He is the best! Highly recommended.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=h47LjOMDid2DliUUnPMnzw	Love the office, love the staff and really love Dr Younis. I have never had to wait long once. Im in the office and get an appointment very quickly. I am sending my family and friends to him as well. Staff is so friendly and helpful, they treat you like you are family not just a patient. If I had to wait a long time to see him it would be worth it. He is very very thorough and really listens to everything you tell him. Been waiting a long time for a Dr like this.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TQhfvccGNaDf6KqsmsOTrg	Dr Younis has been our family doctor for the past 20 years and we couldn't be happier. This is a doctor, and staff, that care about your health and more importantly who you are. He has always been there no matter what. We've NEVER had an issue getting appointments and he and his staff have always been helpful. Dr Younis was there when I had to have spinal surgery and recommended the best spinal surgeon. He was there for my girls. I can't say enough about him and his staff. Kirsten too is extremely helpful as are, Telia, Tess and Ginnie. They are all top notch!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3r2RSmheWTQ_La0WYOfYTg	I've been a patient of Dr. Younis for about 15 years. They've been there for me when I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer and then five years later when I had breast cancer. Each time, I got IMMEDIATE referrals and was with a specialist by the next business day. Kirsten, the PA is amazing and I'm always happy to see her when Dr. Younis hasn't got any open appointments. She really knows her stuff..They have a "back line" for medication refills - which is nice so you don't have to leave a message with the front desk..I can usually get a same-day appointment if I'm sick. I do have to plan in advance for a physical (usually two to three weeks out)..Hat tip to Tessa (the best MA ever) and to Jenni (who's the most personable receptionist ever). .If you're sick you want Dr. Younis and his team in your corner. :)	3 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1Zd7UDkwsiJU8eAMoUrGWg	I love this office. It is very easy to set up an appointment and the wait time is not long. The office staff is exceptionally friendly! Monica is very helpful on the phone and Jenni is just the sweetest person, incredibly helpful and really cares about the patients. She is extremely personable and you can tell everyone who comes into the office loves her. She's very accommodating. I always see Kirsten and she is fantastic! I feel very comfortable in this office and I'm very happy my friend referred me.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wL2d1k6uXqKvAF8WzUZn_Q	FYI: They do not take credit cards. Why is this important? Because some of us fiscally savvy people use FSA credit cards. .Since I found this Dr by reading Yelp reviews I thought I would write one myself. I want to share my experience so that other yelpers have and honest assessment of this Dr. .I just started with him but the jury is out on this Dr. As you know insurance penalizes primary care HMO Dr's for referring Pt's out to specialist. You really have to twist this guys arm to get a referral. I have bad asthma, allergies and nasal polyps. He put me on some of my asthma meds. He flat out refused to give me other meds I was on before. I asked to see an Ear Nose and Throat for my nasal polyps and he flat denied that I had nasal polyps and refused to refer me. He flat told me I did not need an asthma specialist and that I did not have nasal polyps. I called back and asked for the referral again and they told me I did not have asthma...lol. Then I said, "why are you giving me asthma meds?". Finally they consented to referring me to an asthma Dr. .My new asthma Dr said I'm in the top 5% of worst patients he has seen. During the initial consultation he also told me I had bad nasal polyps and would refer me to an ENT. .The implications are scary. Dr Younis either is lying to me in an attempt to keep from referring me and make more money or he couldn't see and diagnose what was painfully obvious to other Dr's. .Also, I'm in the sun a lot and wanted to see a Derm. Once again, no can do. .My Fiance broke out in some crazy rash over her entire body. She asked to see a Derm and was told no. They prescribed steroids. They told her they did not know what was wrong with her and refused to give a diagnoses. She had to take a day off work and after calling and pestering them for a couple days they sent her to a Derm who fixed her up. .His answer to everything is diet and exercise. I have a decent diet. I was going to him to improve my health and not just keep it baseline or worse.  .On the plus side, He has great staff and a cool aquarium in the lobby..I will keep updating this but we are already thinking about moving on to a better Dr. :-/	9	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9PxrOJGrxakPFWomJ9hpHA	Dr. Younis and his P.A. Kristen Fick are the best general practitioners I could ask for!  I was referred to their office about 2 years ago and I feel very fortunate to have them. I can always get an appt when I need one. If it's urgent they squeeze me in. Blood work upon request is easy to get.  They do not over medicate and have filled me in on natural options to try first prior to taking the prescribed medicine. Everyone from the front desk, nurses and obviously Dr. Younis and Ms. Fick have been a blessing.  I'd highly recommend them!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=z9N-uR-x6-XD9Oe6f0Kbnw	Younis is probably due for retirement. He doesn't listen to you, just keeps talking about issues irrelevant to why you are there. The whole time he was just trying to sell me on some medical device that was $500 and " no insurance will cover it". You will walk away feeling like your health concerns were not really addressed. When I tried to express that I didn't feel like Younis was listening to me he told me "we are the best in St. Joseph hospital ok if you don't like it don't come here anymore"  and even the phone receptionists have been threatening to drop me as a client because over the course of a year I missed 2 appointments. This office is bizarre. His physician assistant Kirsten is awesome if you can get in to see her instead. I really want Kirsten to be my PP but I can't deal with Younis or this office.	3 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5jqyQRECvfiN7r-jE_92_g	Dr. Younis has been my primary doctor for the last 15 years. He always listens to my concerns regarding my medical issues. Dr. Younis and his staff are always on top of everything. They will call for updates and results. He is one of the best doctor in OC, he was awarded Doctor of Excellence  by the Orange County Medical Association.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cGMjj9fUQpVphdyMR28jwg	I felt the need to update my previous review from last Feb. .This week I needed to see a specialist.  My insurance company threw every technicality at the girls in the office to make it a complete nightmare for me. Jenny (or Jenni not sure how she spells it) and Katy took care of business and made me feel completely at ease with a less than desirable situation.  They both seemed to have the best personality to deal with someone like me (I have a temper and I get worked up easily). Jenny was so sweet and nice to me that I had no choice but to calm down and let her take care of my situation... and she and Katy did just that. Problem solved by the end of the day. My last doctors office was horrible and on top of the ridiculous wait times, It also seemed like I was asking for their 1st born just to get them to call in a prescription to my pharmacy. All of Dr. Younis's staff is a stark contrast to what I have experienced prior. .Honestly, I am shocked to see the 4/25/14 comment about "Jenni" being "snippy" or "rude".  Like I said, I am high maintenance sometimes and not to be messed with when I'm upset.  No offense to the rest of the staff or Dr. Younis himself (they are all great)... but Jenny is most likely a huge contribution to Dr. Younis's office, and Why I suspect it runs as smoothly as it does..Don't believe everything negative about anyone on Yelp...  it says a lot about someone when they take that much time and effort to post something either good or bad.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WawV1Eui5L-i8CThtGehHg	Personable, check. Friendly, check. Funny, check. Smart, check. Good at his job, check. Photographic memory, check. Decorated with countless awards for his services provided, check. If you have a medical need, dr younis will be your best bet to get the right tests and medications ordered. He's been working a long time and knows what he's doing.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ae9QN-zeShabd8ZaN30x6A	I have been going to Dr. Younis for two years now, he is the BEST doctor, he is always happy and always finds the way to make you feel good, also a good practice needs a good staff too, and he has it! Jenni, Tess, Thalia, Monick are all great ladies with big hearts. I am truly lucky to have him as my Doctor. My husband and I love Dr. Younis and all his staff.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=haIr3F-phZB234HU0-mKCw	I would have given a 5 star rating... BUT...  It's hit or miss to be honest.. but it was one incident that had me find a new dr.  I've seen both Doctors numerous times.  They are great if you need to see a doctor ASAP.  .The incident that had me change my tune?  I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Fisk months ago.  The day before I get a call to confirm (which kind of shocked me because no one usually confirmed my appoiment before-I've been going over 5 years) When this receptionist (who is usally very nice) called me and left a message and said "You are the first one Kristen is seeing so you need to give us a call to confirm" I thought.. ok.  It's the day before and I was out of town and there was no way i was going to make that appointment.  I called them back she answered and I let her know I was going to have to cancel.  The reaction I got stunned me!  She said "WHAT?  YOU ARE HER FIRST APPOINTMENT?"  I said "I'm sorry but I need to cancel" She said in a pissed off voice-"WHY?"  I said "I'm out of town" She said "FINE! GOODBYE!"  I said "WHOA!  Wait, I don't like to feel like it's my fault that I had to cancel.  Yes, I have too but I'm out of town.  I'm sorry"  To this she said " Well, when you made your appointment how were we to know you were going to be out of town?!"  Number one-It's none of their business why I could not be in but for god's sake I was out of town and I was giving them 24 hour notice.  I asked for her name and said I didn't appreciate it and that I would be calling back to reschedule IF I decided too.  I have found a new Dr. and I wish the front reception desk would re-think the way they react to such a thing.  I though it was not a professional way to handel someone who could not make an appointment and I know it was because I was the first one.  I'm certain I was not the only person who could not make a first appointment and I am shocked at the reaction I got..Needless to say, both Doctors here are pretty good.  This is all because of the way the staff (receptionist ) reacted to a cancelation of an appoinment.  If she was having a bad day then fine.  But in no way should anyone be treated that way.  So see ya! I've got a new Dr now!	10	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Y5w9Bg_MOCUTKxRSi7_EEg	Dr Younis is extremely knowledgable and has the best bedside manner. He was tentative to my needs and I am grateful to have him as my doctor.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tJUZ5_LC5zy8pbiiusFgBg	I've been here 3 times. I decided to find a doctor on my own while I'm here for school and I found this office via yelp. I've had appointments with both Dr. Younis and Kristen. .I took off one star because your wait is a hit or miss. I've had almost hour long waits and some have been 5 min. Also, I had this issue where I needed a health form signed and I had to call the office several times to check up on the status of the paperwork. This was frustrating considering I let them know I needed the form as soon as it could be signed, and even though I had received a call confirming that all my tests came back normal, I still had to call the office back on 2 different days to ask about it.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-6aFG-n_DSux-5CNO76FAg	I been a patient of Dr. Younis and Kirsten Fick PA for 5 years. I see Kirsten mostly and absolute love her. I came in for an appointment yesterday for some upper back pain well I actually walked in for the appointment and jenny and katie receptionist  were very understanding and garbed my chart to fit me in the schedule which i was very grateful for since i was in lots on pain. The wait was not long since i was a walk-in. I got to see Kirsten she is very personable and pleasant absolutely the best!! When I was walking out of the office they offered to call in my medication in, and i spoke to Thalia I believe she handles most of the Medication and she called my medication in to my pharmacy so i wouldn't have to wait at the pharmacy which is awesome. i absolute love this office and its always a smile to greet you and a laugh to share! 3 thumbs up!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FMHOAaoGjEiyNB8YmeoloA	I walked in on a Wednesday around 3 pm, there was no one in the waiting room so I was seen right away, and I've been to other urgent cares where there was 2 other patients in front of me but I waited 2 hours to be seen. So maybe I just got lucky, but I would definitely come back here. Everyone was super nice and friendly, especially Dr Nora (can't recall her last name). I feel like she really took the time to listen to my concerns and explore every option she could to help me with my congestion and cough.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tBzrIwlf80KPb4DbuD5UTw	I was greeted by a very friendly front desk staff. My paperwork was efficiently processed. The Nurse Practitioner was professional, thorough, and friendly. She took her time to assess me and listen to my concerns. I was in and out within a half hour. I give Hoag Urgent Care my highest recommendation. Outstanding service and care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tiP7bzSqHv4eyqK1_GFHfg	Will never go anywhere else for urgent care. The facility is bright, clean and welcoming. Tons of staff working all aspects, from the front desks to nurses. I went in on a holiday and it was empty. They took a thorough health history and were genuinely concerned for how I was feeling. Within 10 minutes of arrival I saw a doctor who did a full exam. .Having had terrible experiences at other urgent cares, this was a totally different experience. They were fantastic!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RJrfr2s07g4uVRcfwwGpmg	The nurse at the front was very kind. But the doctor that should've been there on time, when they open, gets negative stars. I had a bad allergic reaction to an airborne allergy and have a certain amount of time to get help because my emergency inhaler raises my heart rate and only helps for 20 minutes per puff. Luckily after driving another fucking 20 minutes, I made it to the hospital after being turned away from this place. I get in trouble for being late at my less important job than the one where people save lives. Bullshit.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MwvSh6jU1VCnt-VnIkKbRA	Visited twice in two weeks and these guys were fantastic. Two separate issues. Treated individually, with care and attention to detail. I felt cared for and listened to.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ULQl2ayFeMAiE1JoWlgtKQ	This place has been recently opened and everything is new and clean..I got called in by this very arrogant male nurse. No greeting, no answering to my greeting, robotically asked few questions and when I dared giving a too long answer he interrupted rather irritated. I turned a little sarcastic, said I thought that would be important information but I apologize if I am boring him too much, then he gave me a forced smile and left with no word. .I understand Whole Foods is right next door and the snobbish arrogance might be catching, but, dude! Save it for when you go out in a club and want to impress your girlfriend with how macho you are. If you decided to get a job and work with people, learn some professional courtesy! .The doctor was nice, friendly and efficient, which confirms again that no matter how much intelligent people try to put quality out there, it's the small, frustrated ones that ruin it for other people and  make things unpleasant.	3 2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=npy7hob0BaCcmXpfcHq5Yw	I went to this location because the urgent care I usually go to did not open until 10 am. Love that this new urgent care opens at 8 am. The entire staff was so very welcoming, and the receptionist started checking me in a few minutes prior to her actual start time. Nurse Sarah was extremely helpful and easy to talk to about my ailments. Doctor Cindy is amazingly attentive, thoughtful and bright. This location will be my "go to" whenever possible.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NZRcwbMS_Xas94z8uWGGuA	Great front desk staff! The medical assistant and nurse practitioner that helped us were very kind, professional and had a great bedside manner.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f9r0f8jEf3yM6JALsPMwIQ	It was one long wait. Receptionists were rude. Never saw a doctor, they only staff this place with PAs and Nurse Practioners.  Also, the rates were extremely high, can't believe Hoag can continue to get away with ripping people off like this. I will never go back.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w78vx2B0wrfBccUowl_Q5A	2 stars for cleanliness. waited in room for over an hour. the guy doing xrays, which by the way is in a different building was sleeping at the desk and yelled at girl escorting us over for not calling him first. Did i mention we were the only patients. If you have nothing to do for 2 plus hours come here. Otherwise stay away.	1 2	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dnLjSGNWNl8tTn3Ubyw-dg	I stared seeing Dr Kinaly for weight loss and an update on my hormone evaluations.  I was very impressed by her office and her team she has in place.They are warm, caring and friendly.  My initial consultation was very thorough and we discussed tests to really get to the root of my challenges.  Over the past two months I have learned so much about my nutritional deficiencies( of which there were many!). My IV nutrition sessions as well as my weekly visits have made a huge difference in how I feel. Having lost 11 lbs and over 17 inches is a wonderful start. I know I have a long way to go but I am confident that with Dr Kinaly 's determination to find solutions and her support I will reach my goals of optimal health.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9DaSAqE4DQgaVQf3EJVAxQ	Dr. Kinaly is a doctor that actually cares & gets to the root of the problem versus masking it w/ medication. She promotes a healthy lifestyle & educates her patients. She takes the time to understand you & is genuinely concerned. The fact that she's integrative & progressive allows her to properly diagnose the issue. She takes the "whole-person approach." She treats the individual, not just the disease or illness. I underwent a blood test & she was able to determine my deficiencies & correct it..Since I started using her supplements recommendations, I rarely become sick & have more energy. .Her new Irvine office is not like any other medical clinic I have been to. It is beautiful & very comfortable. Blood draws... No sweat. She has large comfortable individual lazy boy recliners w/ tv's to distract you. Oh & she offers IV therapy. I recommend asking her about this prior to traveling.	18	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8qg5M76IFpiOSj7YY-n1mQ	I am so relieved that I found Dr Kinaly!!!! I have been searching for a primary care doc for years and never enjoyed the process of getting my annual physical. This experience was completely different! The office is beautifully decorated, relaxing, and warm and inviting. I am so happy I will never have to look elsewhere!! .I am an athlete on a plant-based diet and make the effort to be as healthy as possible, so it is important for me to know if I am deficient in any vitamins or minerals. They don't do the basic blood test here, but a comprehensive panel that checks for literally everything - the report is 17 pages! Dr Kinaly was so thorough and spent so much time with me, answering all my questions as we went over my blood work. She is very sweet, knowledgeable, and compassionate, and she went above and beyond to make sure I had all the answers I needed!  It was such a relief to know the results and areas where I could alter my diet or add supplements..Anthony was quick and gentle when taking my blood sample and he is also super knowledgeable!! He explained the vitamins I needed, and even helped me to find a plant-based Omega 3 supplement, which was a huge relief since there is no way I was going to take fish oil pills again! All of their supplements are the purest quality which is also important to me because you never know what you're actually getting on Amazon! .I can say that I am actually excited to come back to check my blood work again, and to see the improvements after adding the vitamins! I'm also excited to feel my best while balancing my hectic work schedule and intense physical workouts!!  In the future, I'm going to come back for B12 shots and an IV drip if I feel like I need a boost to my immune system!  I will highly recommend Dr Kinaly to all of my friends and family, and you cannot put a price tag on excellent care when it comes to your health! Thank you Dr Kinaly & team!!!	29	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gwK7hyb5fMXJMRjw-_ejMw	Dr Kinaly has helped me So much. With my energy and my digestive system. She is so knowledgeable of the entire body. I highly recommend her. Ive also lost 25 lbs getting heathier without even trying. Whats most important in a sea of uncaring doctors she really cares.	7	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KQ5IBg6u9o1BVOtBMP7ogQ	Every Dr. I went to prior to Dr. Kinaly wanted to give me a pill to fix my symptoms, not find the underlying cause of my pain and discomfort. Dr. Kinaly is different, not only does she want to see her patients pain and symptom free, she won't stop searching and helping until she finds them relief as well as the root issue. Her amazing staff headed up by Anthony is so kind, knowledgable, and beyond helpful. I was sick for quite some time and within the first month of seeing Dr. Kinaly (and because of their knowledge and cutting edge technology) within 3 months I felt like the old me, symptom free and happy! Thank you to Dr. Kinaly and team- they are a Godsend!	23 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4JU0kRmsKfGkiTiKjRLY1w	Dr. Mae Kinaly is truly a compassionate, caring and knowledgeable doctor.  She is committed to the health and well-being of her patient's and I feel very fortunate to be in her care.  Every time I visit her beautiful office, I am treated with such concern and kindness by her staff, when you are ill, this is truly appreciated.  Dr. Kinaly leads by example, as her caring way about her is so evident.  Truly, a professional, open and progressive healing environment.  I sincerely.recommend her to my family and friends..Warm regards, AnnaRosa Cerolini-Verrue	20	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WUeG0mGwiIXa-2zKqwjLzg	I had been having fatigue and fibromyalgia for several years and my current Dr was unable to find the cause of all this. My daughter in law recommended I come see Dr Kinaly, who in a short time discovered I had an autoimmune condition. Without her compassion and care, it would have not been discovered and I would not be feeling as well as I am today. Office environment and staff are equally as compassionate. I highly recommend this Dr and office to anyone in need of a thorough and compassionate Dr.	32	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Zm1kZULPe8pcviEaGbXpHA	There are no words to describe someone so awesome!  Let me just summarize by saying, Dr. Kinaly is a Godsend and an answer to prayer in my life. Her loving/caring attitude make one feel they are with a dear friend and her beautiful office is like visiting in a home..Dr. Kinaly is always abreast of the very latest innovations and her integrative practice goes far beyond what the typical internist offers..Bless you Dr. Kinaly for all you do for others!	31	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VhNnsb80sdomauTy2ol_bA	Doctor Kinaly is the most amazing Doctor our family has ever been to. My son is on the autism spectrum and suffers from much anxiety, with her help he now is able to concentrate in school, is more socially aware and is able to make friends easily. Thank you Doctor for all you do  The Gee family	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nSmzjzhKU-E8lGM4bCF54A	Doctor Kinaly is the most caring and knowledgable doctor I have ever been to. She takes the time to find the root of the problem by talking to you and extensively reading your blood work. When I came to her, I was suffering from severe autoimmune symptoms. Since treatment with doctor Kinaly I haven't had ANY symptoms. She gave me my life back! Forever grateful!!!	48	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cr0_CnnL7C2a2kIgLATQbg	Dr.Kinaly is truly a very kind and wonderful doctor. I'm glad there are doctors out there that still care deeply for their patients the way Dr.Kinaly does :)	25	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L2rrDDVEaKPTG8IDq5yF6Q	Dr. Kinaly, Words cannot describe what Dr. Kinaly has done. My daughter is now doing 1000% better in school, focus is very good, reading, math, and writing has improved! My daughter's confidence has soared because of the intervetnions prescribed by Dr. Kinaly. If you have a kid that is diagnosed with ADD, dyslexia give Dr. Kinaly a try and follow everything she states to the letter. It has been 6 months but we are now seeing that following all of her medical advice to the letter has helped my daughter and now we are beginnning to see her blossom and grow. Thank you, Dr. Kinaly	28	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6G1RyGUisbluE7KHJkY3XA	After 7 months and visiting over 10 doctors searching for answers, Dr. Mae Kinaly diagnosed and treated my 18-year-old daughter for PANS and saved her life. My daughter is now a freshman thriving at a University. We will be forever grateful.	30 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E60qGBIGQJJgo2EXoaCghg	We've been going to Dr. Kinaly for almost two years now and it's made a tremendous difference in my son's processing issues.  He has better memory and comprehension with his schoolwork.  He is able to stay on task and focus.  Not only did he get all A's this past Spring but he got into the Distinguished Scholars Program for High School next year.  That says something for a kid with a learning disability!  I believe this is in no small part to the treatment and care he has been getting with Dr. Kinaly!	33	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gLEQIXUd4LfLoVCw61SI1Q	Dr Kinaly is not your ordinary MD. She is proactive in keeping you well. I could never go back to a pill pusher who only looks at symptoms. Dr. Kinaly searches for the cause and works until she gets to the bottom of the issue. Her office visits are not 5 minutes, here take this and goodbye! She is beyond thorough. She is always investigating the latest findings. She references recent articles for you to read for yourself. She gets to know her patients like doctors of old used to do. Her staff is a WOW too. The office environment is especially welcoming and professional without smelling like a Dr. office. I am a generally healthy person but I know I have the right person looking out for me to keep me that way!	20	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E86IIotNNza38MwdS_3dSA	If you are looking for a doctor that is your "partner" in healthcare and not a pill pusher then you should book that appointment with Dr. Kinaly. My husband and I are on a journey with Dr. Kinaly right now to try to uncover the mystery that is our son's health. After a long process with multiple doctors we have finally found someone that is looking at the root of the problem, to address the real health issues vs. masking it with pills that ultimately do NOTHING to fix the situation. Dr. Kinaly is thorough, looks at all possibilities and doesn't give up. She is caring and genuinely concerned about my son's well being. In one month we've identified all sorts of issues that she's helping us to resolve with natural supplements and alternative methods. We have our son off of the poisonous pills that were making him worse and now have a plan that we're working through together with Dr. Kinaly. Her staff is great as well...always works to get us in and is helpful, friendly and professional. I highly recommend Dr. Kinaly and her team.	15 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ru0-Uc-wnDenXaE15WEXMw	Love this office, the staff, and Dr. Kinaly.  It's not often you find a doctor who actually takes time to get to know her patients and truly cares about there well being. Dr Kinaly goes above and beyond and her staff is amazing!!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T4KTrmho70XlWMwUaR8a3w	I have been going to Dr. Kinaly for many years now, in fact, at 3 different locations.  Let me start by saying that I love Dr. Kinaly, but I never felt the same about the staff that worked in the other offices.  She has moved to a new location in Irvine, which is wonderful.  You don't have to pay for parking anymore, and there is no more waiting, which was always a problem in the past.  Her new staff members are very helpful, especially Marlene.  I went for my annual exam, and even though I was there for a while, the time just flew by.  As unpleasant as some of the things can be during a doctor's visit, I had my best visit so far at the new location.  It is definitely worth the drive.	52	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3Os3GB5Ljavr0GCji2eEqg	Dr. Kinaly is the most caring doctor I have ever visited. She will take her TIME with you, something that is completely unheard of these days. She is very very thorough, and she will get to the bottom of things! I highly recommend her, even if you have to wait a bit to see her. You will have your chance with her and she will give you the most careful examination. I highly recommend her. She is very thorough in figuring out problems for which other doctors have no answer.	49	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nKJJFjuLeZ5WPSLsbhtKxA	I'm going to write this review while I'm waiting. It has been one hour and five minutes since I signed in. I recommend signing in and listing your cell number then leaving and go about your business and have them text when they are ready. It will be at least an hour. I arrived ten minutes early. I can't not finish this appointment or i will receive a $50 missed appointment bill. I've gotten one before. So the point is you really have to like her to abide this.  Now one hour 15 minutes. Time management needs work in this office. I'm sure she is losing patients. She is a nice doc and very competent but few can afford this kind of a wait each and every time.  It's a matter of balance. Is the wait worth it?  Will it get longer each time?  Do others experience this too. Does she just not like me and is sending me a message.  Questions. Questions. Now one hour Thirty minutes geez	9 15 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=egB7KQXvAF7B5vGom_ZYHQ	I love the office and the staff is VERY friendly.  It's a very warm and inviting office.  Dr. Kinaly is very attentive, thorough, and observant.  She took her time with me and it was refreshing to have a doctor treat you like a patient rather than a number.  It's more than obvious this doctor loves her profession and people and truly cares about you.	44	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r_Xl6IwpbVF85b-YgIt1WA	Dr. Kinaly is a great doctor, she is kind and compassionate, and provides excellent care.  I first went to Dr. Kinaly on a recommendation from a dermatologist when I first moved to the area. I found Dr. Kinaly to be a great internal medicine doctor who took the time to listen, ask questions that few other doctors take the time for anymore, and has good hours (works late some nights).  I continue to see her because she is one of the few doctors  who really tries to make you an educated participant in your care which is what I think all doctors should strive to do, and she takes her time with you and really listens.	49	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hkS8DvraR-UUeh6TU6iPQA	You have to wait a long time past your appointment to see her. Then you realize why. She spends a lot of time with you but a lot of it is chit-chatting while others are waiting and she wont stop. Like other doctors, she doesn't check whether insurance covers her tests or not. On several occasions, she charged me twice for a visit. On other occasions, she ordered tests that insurance didn't accept because she couldn't justify it. She also charged me for several ultrasounds whereas only one was done. It took months and many phone calls before they admitted their error. She smiles and she is kind but she wont write a sick letter when I couldn't fly. Her office won't return calls. We stopped going to her and switched our doctor.	10 9 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5S6bQhtl8QGkwexX4l2wPg	I can't say enough about this doctor, he is amazing! I am my grandmother's caregiver and with her cancer history we have been to countless doctors and specialists over the years. She had a well known primary doctor for several years but when booking an appointment with him became a huge hassle I opted to look for a new primary doctor for her. As I stated, she's not an easy patient to take on due to her age, 87, and her extensive medical history (cancer 3 times, stroke, etc etc) however Dr. Ohri did not shy away. He's treated her with respect, dignity and has been very proactive about finding a solution to whatever medical issues come up. It's quick to get an appointment with him and he's extremely thorough each visit.  One thing I've really admired is the fact that he's very responsive via email or phone in case urgent medical matters arise. I cannot say enough good things about him and I thank him for being a great doctor to my grandmother!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7_xVVEti-Paa4U3kvRYVww	My office visits with Dr. Ohri has been great!  Dr. Ohri listened carefully to description of my issues and my concerns and offered his prognosis to the point with prescriptions and referral to specialist for further treatment.  Also very appreciative of every nurses and office personnel.  They were very courteous and professional.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=a-rCROxDgBMXb0cgSGOrkg	I was a new patient arrived at 3:00 pm. My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I saw Dr. Ohri at 3:33 pm. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. Dr. Ohri was very professional and direct to the point. He was genuinely caring and knows his practice well. The facility was very clean and quiet. I would recommended this office.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fuFc-0ShuEV85rzySTPsuw	This doctors staff is absolutely the rudest women I have ever encountered in a doctors office. The two women at the front counter were very rude and spoke with a lot of attitude. When I asked a simple question to make sure I was in the right office, the receptionist replied demeaningly as if I were not a commitment person. They were extremely unprofessional and so rude when dealing with my insurance information that I walked out. I work in the medical field and would not recommend this office to anyone.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=R4S7M-4yzfISpITp9Qcb0g	Dr. Ohri is great! He is on time, takes his time with his patients. I was impressed because he also gives some practical holistic options in addition to meds. Glad I found him. He is also my Father's Dr. as my dad has dementia.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iSLiUGB_5XXORoxde57siQ	Dr. Ohri has been 1 of the best PCP's i have had in a long time. Honest and tells you what you need to know, not what he thinks you want to hear. Tajes his time to explain everything and listens to you as well. He is well worth the opportunity to be your pcp as well.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RLI8m4m5SR2TzmlqfmSA6A	Dr. Ohri is wonderful. He really cares about his patients,  listens to your concerns and is proactive in your treatment. Highly recommended family practice doctor.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Mx-bwPvyd-SzgGgC_cRBxw	Had a wonderful experience with Dr. Ohri, he is compassionate and very informative in telling the patient what they need or what can help them. He gave us time to ask questions and the visit didn't feel rushed. Right away he give information on teaching and education on disease and what we can do to better our health, we will definitely continue to come back. Thank you Dr. Ohri.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RuwoiexA_5y2tw4_o14OBA	I went to see Dr.Ohri amd I was very pleased with him.   He understood my needs he went over my medical condition and therefore prescribed the medication that was needed.  The office staff is grate! Good customer service.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Usdj-XwI4bDmdccRRLDlzA	I normally don't leave reviews, but I felt compelled to do so after my visit with Dr. Ohri. Hopefully I can help someone that has just moved to the area like myself, and is in search of a great PCP. During my visit the first thing I noticed about Dr. Ohri is how informative and patient he was. He took the time to listen to my issues and then thoroughly explained to me the plan of care. Being in the medical field myself, I really appreciated that. I didn't feel as if I was being rushed out of the door at all he genuinely cared. I definitely recommend Dr. Ohri for anyone looking for a great PCP!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dgLPeUGBB0_apGbVszR-zQ	Dr Ohri is a fine Family practice MD. My parents absolutely trust Dr. Ohri's assessment, medical knowledge and diagnosis skills. .On the soft skills side, Dr. Ohri is calm, composed, always wears a smile and the wait is less than 20 minutes to see the physician. .Bedside skills: 5 on 5 .Thoroughness: 5 on 5.Follow up: 5 on 5.Office staff and their competence: 5 on 5.MD proficiency: 6 on 5.We trust Dr: Ohri to take care of our parents and I highly recommend him for all of your family needs..He is the best in the Corona area, where we've lived for over 10 years now and tried almost every family medicine doctor.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gPCmtqgEb26-MYo6ouNn9A	First time at office and very nervous about a new problem. Dr oh right listened to my concerns. Reassured me and gave me great options to fit my lifestyle . Staff was pleasant and kind. Office is nice and spacious. Patient flow was pretty good too. I am very happy with the care and advise I was given. Highly recommend!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FNKZZx9ONXLeLghDY-Yusw	Very pleasant experience with Dr. Ohri. He is caring yet professional, makes me feel comfortable and listen patiently to every concern I brought up with him. I don't feel rushed at all and he had addressed all my concerns. Definitely recommended!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RFblpdQGzZ2Y7kyuF91WVA	I've seen Dr Ohri twice and both times have been completely happy with his care. He asks all the right questions and listens to I say. I was surprised he remembered our conversation from my previous visit. It was nice because he asked follow up questions about my prior treatments to make sure they worked. I would recommend him.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tld026xrcuI0Fd8wI1B7ZQ	Seen Dr. Ohri a few times now and my experience has always been pleasant! Dr. Ohri and staff are very courteous and professional! I appreciate the time Dr Ohri takes to listen and address all my concerns and educate me on how I can better my health. Thank you Dr Ohri and staff for helping me get back on track to a healthier me!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qe8qCErfPr60bqvccxIksA	Horrible office and terrible staff. No respect for patients. You can hear the office staff chatting and laughing. Very unprofessional. The doctor seems ok but his staff ruins it. I have now waited 5 days for a perscription and now it is the weekend. I left 3 messages because they never answer the phone and no one has called me back. So now I go the weekend without my needed medication. Thank goodness I have found a new doctor	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gi987Lu6hsqlo_xinq7AgQ	Dr. Ohri Sameer, is one of the best Doctor around !!! I would ask  anyone around  to go to he's office the staff is so wonderful I just love that place!!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lFQdYNiHg2GW32T5T5Ps4g	Dr. Ohri gives his time and excellent care. He has a friendly helpful office staff! We are really glad to have found him. Jennie and John LeGros		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TPvdy3v26UjVhCCuST6qIw	Dr. Ohri is extremely knowledgeable about everything I have asked him about. He also has never rushed me out of the exam room, and he always spends time making sure I understand everything. He is very intensive to make sure I have all the tools I need to conquer my health. I highly recommend him.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-hPpbHEfyNRDbdaf-67cMg	I have never found a doctor who could communicate with me very well. Dr. Ohri educates me about my health, but he also listens to me. I appreciate having a doctor I can talk with now. He even calls me personally to give me test results. His demeanor is friendly and accessible. It looks like I've found my doctor now, someone I who can provide my medical care for years to come. This will be the first time I felt like I found the right doctor for me.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_hlV6jmgtHtEf3qaIKw9Gg	Doctor Ohri has been my primary for some time now and he is extremely knowledgeable on my conditions. His care for the patient really shows. It is a plus that he also offers holistic advice for treatments of common conditions. The staff is excellent and friendly. The chairs in the waiting room could be better but it is normally not a long wait. I highly recommend doctor Ohri.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=S7gJSK1XkYjDDxYy3tBLFA	Very great service. Doctor was very nice and made sure I was comfortable with everything and with him being a male gynecologist.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=j6EBICNSFiJOLJhFQYzlxw	Dr Davoodivar is very knowledgeable and authentic. She provides excellent service and is attentive to her client's true needs. I have been going to her for awhile and have never been disappointed with her care. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking to improve the appearance of their skin.	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uPcWBaMBPBCNHYFPo59uVw	I had never gotten treatments before and I was a little nervous at first...I researched clinics for weeks before making the decision to go to Dermasmooth...Dr. Davoodivar was professional and answered all my questions...I had Botox for my first session and was so happy with the results, I have returned for a few other touches...I love this place!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oHbKW-31IOAWPo16f1shCg	I wish i could give Dr. D many, many more than 5 stars! She is simply amazing. Accommodating with appointments, listens, and couldn't be better at what she does :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gxun3BYx_Q5z0tRGKzEG-w	I went back again for my Restylane and Botox.. and again, hands down Dr. D is the best!!! My undereye hollows were filled perfectly and my lips were plump, yet natural. My forehead was as smooth as can be... and I couldn't be any happier with the results. I just love how she takes her time and makes sure you are comfortable. I love love love the way I look! :) Thanks Dr. D!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Lr7vIxqS0aX_xFxzLxDTjw	I don't know what else to say about this place except that it's WONDERFUL.  Dr. Davoodivar is the consummate professional -- she's honest and down-right good at what she does, and in my case, Botox/Dysport.  What I love most about her is that she truly cares about YOUR needs and skin concerns, not what she can get out of you to line her pockets (I've been to at least three other places where it's all about the cha-ching, not about the patient's needs).  All five stars are well-deserved!	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jyc9eLm8oQRX8mU-5q-xzA	Ditto all the good remarks about Dr. D.   Her expertise is beyond compare and yet when I visit her I feel like I'm seeing an old friend.  She's the nicest, smartest, most competent doctor I've found.  She truly knows her products and is able to use them in a way that will make you look and feel really good about yourself.  She usually saves me a ton of $ too every time I see her which has been on average about twice a year for the last 3-4 years.  Thanks Dr. D.... you're the BEST!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f3Ky-x1uTlVjWk4jnXbwXw	I highly recommend Dr. Davoodifar, and have done so to all my friends. She is gentle, conservative, and very knowledgeable.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aq2dZOE7_q8Wov_fdyZYmw	I have to give three stars...many due to the front office staff....absolutely incompetent when it comes to handling appointments and  phone calls.....just today I had called all day...the phone rang rang and rang.....listening to the recording so much I could memorize it.....still no one picked the phone up.......I finally drove down to the office  at 415pm to see if any was working.....I arrived to see the office operating when I asked about anyone answering the phones today I got we've had 200 calls today...we can't get to them all....this was the last straw...the office staff since Dr. Scott left have been the worst.....no sense of what business they are in...its not Target they work in a doctor's office.....this is people health and well being......as far as Dr. J goes....she doesn't work on Mondays...you try to schedule another day...oh she's not coming in on that day.....its like an act of God to get in there.....from the front desk ability to handle calls and appointments to the Dr's schedule.....I'm done......I called the head offices of Optum Inc to file a complaint.......Id give my right arm for Dr. Scott to come back and front office staff of heres aswell......on to find another GP..	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZbugiWXUY7Oqa_Ew8rJaZA	I recently started seeing Dr. Jahroumi about 6 months ago. Dr. Jahroumi is very thorough and caring. As a patient, I feel as though she sincerely cares about me and my health. Dr. Jahroumi is very nice and always takes the time to explain everything to me and makes sure she's provided excellent service. Finding a good doctor is often very difficult, and I'm glad that I've found one I can trust for a long time. I would highly recommend Dr. Jahroumi as anyone's doctor; in fact, I'm recommending her to my girlfriend and one of my friends.	7 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=csieZG4T3Gr2lFJXx0-OCQ	Dr. Jahroumi is the doctor everyone wishes they could have.  I recently became extremely ill and her expertise and dedication to me as her patient kept me from being hospitalized.  Her intelligence is only rivaled by her compassion.  Through every step of my recovery, she kept me informed and thoroughly reviewed test results, even calling during her vacation to check on me and explain my latest results.  She truly embodies the very best of healthcare and is a model doctor.  I cannot recommend her enough!	10 7	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f-3KGELW8ql0UwOExJQ9qA	I tried to get an appointment with Dr. Jahroumi for me and my husband. We would be new patients, and I understand that sometimes there is a wait, but over two months? No, no thanks. The lady on the phone kept telling me that she didn't take new CalOptima... and I kept telling her we do not have CalOptima. She knew nothing about insurance. I then asked if he could see a nurse practitioner so he could get his prescription filled and she told me that they didn't have nurse practitioners. I told her that I would changing my primary care physician and telling my family who already goes there to change. I wish I could have at least met the doctor. It looks like the staff is preventing the doctor from being able to see more patients with their horrible manners and lack of knowledge when it comes to insurance.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NupkEAdi8MZyVhB4EKWCQQ	Dr. Jahroumi is wonderful. I established with her recently, and it had been years since I'd been to a doctor for anything. Her office got me right in, even for a physical, and she was so patient going through all my issues with me. She advocates for her patients like no doctor I've ever met, and I work in the medical field, so I've been around many! I have recommended her to friends and family, and they've been thrilled with her as well.	7 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rE5W9Npv1JFKfn9VaGE6DA	Just a quick note to acknowledge Dr. Firoozeh "Rose" Jahroumi for the calm she brings to the room when treating me. She is a wealth of knowledge and shares that knowledge in an easy to understand, compassionate fashion all the while listening to me as though I'm the only patient she has! I value that kind of attentiveness and personal treatment in my medical personnel and I'm lucky to have found her!.If you're looking for a personal or family physician anywhere near the Irvine area, look no further!	9 7	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bZcyG_Z9nIkKHusiS3m0qA	Dr. Jahroumi was super nice and professional.  She listened to all of my concerns as a patient.  She was very nice and comforting.  Made me feel like I was talking to a friend.  She is non-judgmental.  She is just great.  I can't say enough good stuff.	7 6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MdyyYpopwCE0omrZatCDMw	Dr. Jahroumi bedside manner was excellent, I was in critical pain and not feeling well. She listened and evaluated me. She wrote a couple of RX for my diagnosis and ordered a CT scan to confirm her diagnosis. Once the CT scan report was read she spent a considerable amount of time going over the results on the telephone..This was my first time seeing Dr. Jahroumi during a Urgent Care visit. I am very pleased with her care and follow up.	11 7	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bC8nttuv5iGSLL1J6ONF4w	Dr. Jahroumi (Dr. Rose) is the best physician I've ever had, hands down!  She is so caring, knowledgeable and thorough.  It's so difficult finding a good doctor, and forget about finding a GREAT doctor.  I'm thrilled and feel very lucky!  The office is so clean and organized.  And a shout out to the staff in her office - You Rock!!  Thank you.	7 6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5wgu8mLzwpWX0xkfHMDxHA	I was a patient of Emilee Scott at this iodine who sadly left the office so I was assigned to Dr. Jahroumi. My first visit to get to know her since she was going to be my new doctor she looked over past notes by Dr. Scott. So guess one of the notes stated that I didn't care for Dr. Jahroumi when I saw her when Dr. Scott was on vacation. The new doctor called me out on my comment about her to Dr. Scott and said maybe I didn't want her to be my doctor. It was embarrassing and inappropriate to share with me what Dr. Scott wrote and make as issue about what I stated over 1 year ago. I gave her chance anyway and really felt like it was a waste of my visit. She didn't order any bloodwork to see how my numbers were and I had to ask for referrals for mammograms and didn't get my pap either. I felt like she really didn't care about my preventive like Dr. Scott. I felt more like I had to ask about things instead of her asking me. It is also all new front office people as well who are very rude, abrupt and just not friendly and helpful. It is so sad because the doctor has a sweet personality but our interactions with the front office leave many of us frustrated. My daughter has had the same problem and has tried for almost a year to get a bill for $25 co pay waived since it was a preventative visit. But because she asked for a refill while there they are now billing her $25 co-pay. Sadly this whole experience has made me switch to Kaiser January 2017 to try their doctors and office staff. My experience in 2016 was terrible so I usually just went to an urgent care facility for any of my medical needs. Sorry to have to leave the bad review but I was a happy patient for many years with Dr. Scott and her front office staff.	4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2YUn6esA0ZwiY_sedEPzjw	I found Dr. Jahroumi through my insurance and this is my second visit with her.  I could not be happier.   Dr. Jahroumi takes her time explaining all exams or tests suggested.   As a patient I greatly appreciate her bedside manner.  It's extremely difficult to find a doctor like her that will listen and take time with her patients.   .Also, she makes sure to get back to her patients.  I called her office for a referral her and I had discussed.  At the end of the day I had my referral to the specialist.   .I highly recommend Dr. Jahroumi and will be referring my husband as her patient as well.	2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l-PgYwoOl6SSW-om6Icemw	Dr. Jahroumi is the most caring, thoughtful, thorough doctor that I have ever had the pleasure to meet. She is truly a gem who is open, honest and down to earth. She takes her time with you during your appt and never rushes you and she listens carefully to any heath problems you have and will work carefully with you to get them resolved. She is extremely professional and follows up with you personally to see how you are doing. Her referrals to specialists are always terrific. I have been a patient of hers for approx 2 years and I would highly recommend her. She is one heck of a terrific doctor and a wonderful person as well.	6 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=34cHGa7vYpvA48Ja7wKBoA	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Jahroumi. She has excellent bedside manner and great listening skills, shows genuine concern, never hesitates to issue referrals if they're deemed necessary, provides honest opinions when warranted, and always follows up with prompt phone calls and/or appointments. She also has a very holistic approach toward medicine and the human body, even though she is an allopathic doctor. She does not eschew alternate means of healthcare and understands the marriage of various practices to ensure the individual's overall health is managed comprehensively. I've heard equally good things about Dr. Emily Scott, so I think this is just a very good practice. I can say with full assurance that I'm very satisfied with my care here and trust my needs to be met completely.	9 8	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=20BhDX_crg0fvW_rc4ba-Q	Making an appointment for this doc is a headache. They don't care if you are in pain. Also the girl in the front desk needs to fix her attitude toward patients. It seems like she doesn't want to be there.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yQp0PNFj77jOmet1KGDSrw	Since I cannot give 0star, I give her 1 star. Worst physician I have ever met, she did not even wish when entered the room, lacked compassion towards patient, was very very rude and blatant. When we asked her questions she did not answer to the question and was also arrogant with her reply. Worst physician who has no concern towards the patient. Will not recommend her to anyone even my worst enemy.	2 5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4Ec6M1aad4KdMSq8Fm2sWw	Dr. Rose is a compassionate physician who shows great care with her patients. I am in my sixties and very fortunate to have found a doctor who I can easy talk to about any medical problem and know she will give me good advice. In short, Dr. Rose is excellent	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_etpT8ZAcKeq9UYmqfOEhg	I have been participating in Dr. A's medical group for sometime now through work and personal business. His staff is very professional and friendly, and they really make you feel comfortable. What I enjoy most about Dr. A, is his ability to make you feel good about yourself. His upbeat personality and positive attitude are reasons why I have referred many to him.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iiG2ZoUymgk5j3YdvfnIlg	Excellent Dr.  Great knowledgeable in all the new medical findings and current Medical "trends" and procedures!! Go see him!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bzMu_U_rZGlvI2Mw2HLBZg	I have been going to Dr. Alevizos for years, he's a fantastic doctor, who exhibits integrity and vast knowledge more than other doctors I have seen in the past. If you want a doctor who is reputable then you should definitely see him! My friends & family mirror the same views as well.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ytKvx_Dq4i8-VWOoASwYbQ	If you want a primary physician that actually cares about you and your personal health, I highly suggest you DO NOT come here! .I have been going to the numerous doctors that work here from Kathy, Amy to John for about 10 years and have finally lost all hope for this place. The receptionist's really don't care about you and/or your symptoms, and this office as a whole could care less what medical problem you're having as they are more concerned about getting you in and out as fast as possible and taking your money..After going to Urgent Care twice; first time for the emergency I had, and the second time for having an allergic reaction to the antibiotics I was administered, I decided to call my primary physician since they have my medical history on file. The receptionist that answered was semi-nice, but after explaining the series of Urgent Care visits I had & the reasoning behind all of it, I told the receptionist I wanted to speak to a nurse. All nurses were busy the first time I called so I called back 20 minutes later like I was instructed to do. When I called 20 minutes later, I was never transferred to a nurse. Instead, another receptionist decided to hop on the phone. I re-told the exact same thing I had told the other receptionist and her immediate response was either a) call Urgent Care or b) go to the ER. It's so awesome to know that these people actually care, NOT! Since I had already called Urgent Care prior to calling the doctors office for the second time, I told the receptionist that they wanted to give me more medication for the allergic reactions I was having and to me that just didn't seem right. Because of all this back and forth at Urgent Care, this is the MAIN reason I wanted to see my primary physician. The receptionist said I can wait two days to get an appointment (the antibiotics I'm currently on would be done by that time aka no more allergic reactions), go to Urgent Care or the ER like she had previously suggested. .I told her "I've never had to wait two days to get an appointment at this medical office and considering I've been going here for 10 years or so you would think you'd actually care about my physical health". Her exact response word for word was "because of Obama Care and people having insurance now we are busy all the time.".With that being said, this place is a complete corporation and only concerned about how much money/profit they are driving versus the actual physical state and well-being of their patients. If Obama Care is the reasoning behind this place being booked so far in advance fine, but you should never tell a patient that who is in need of medical attention. .Anyways, you bet after all of this I'm switching my primary physician ASAP like yesterday. Your health is your wealth people, go to a doctor that actually cares about you & is willing to go the extra mile unlike this place!	6 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jpKFBmz-eoJ2IqSKO7v6dg	Dr. John Alevizos is very professional and has a great bedside manor. He listens and spends time with his patients and really cares for each persons well being. The new office is very nice and has a beautiful design. He's the perfect Doctor for all your anti aging and medical needs. Try him, your won't be disappointed!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kSN-UkXoW2hAqtjX0GAHWg	Too bad I can't give this office a 0 star rating!  I woke up with my throat almost swollen shut and had difficulty breathing and talking.  My wife called them to find out where our Urgent care was (it was 7AM) and the receptionist said the Dr comes in at 7:30 and that he would see me to see if I needed to go to the ER.  My parents drove me there and I arrived at about 7:45.  The office manager said the Dr wouldn't see me because they were double booked all day.  I explained to her that I couldn't breathe and she told me to go to Urgent Care.  I explained that the receptionist told me to come in for the Dr to take a quick look - the receptionist then lied and said he never said that.  So I'm standing in the Dr office, about to pass out from lack of oxygen and no one will look at me or tell me where to go.  I asked her which Urgent Care I should go to and she told me to Google it!  I ended up going to an ER that gave me a bunch of drugs to get the swelling down so I could breathe again... with a $250 Co-pay.  Not only is this office terrible with customer service and lies, they also put a person out on the street that could have died had I not made it to the ER on time.  This place is a danger to the community!.And for those still on the fence about going here let me leave you with this thought: Do you want to go to a dr's office that is double booked every day?  How inconsiderate is that to our time?  They obviously only care about stuffing in patients to make money as opposed to spending time with patients to actually help them.	5 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xlpAF7ieZRUwEVBSgVpC9A	I took my husband to see Dr John due to his high blood pressure. The medicine originally subscribed to him by the emergency room after we thought he was having a heart attack made him nauseas. Please keep in mind my husband H-A-T-E-S going to the Doctor and never goes, I would make appointments and he would refuse to go. He even got a certified letter from our previous Family Doctor saying they refused to accept him as a patient anymore...... seriously have you ever heard of such a thing? Anyway you get the idea. One day I went in my husbands office and he looked absolutely horrible, to my astonishment he asked me to make him appointment with the Dr I had been telling him about, so you know he was bad.  I had heard about Dr John from a friend of mine years ago, called the office and they got us in that afternoon. After seeing Dr John within the week he felt better and has the blood pressure of a 30 year old. This was the best life choice we made and have never looked back. My husband reminds me to make his appointment now and is is the best shape of his life, it's been 6 years and going strong!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Ewq34a0fScw4dwSVYIXI4w	Dr. Alevizos is an amazing physician.  He had a great bedside manner to keep my nerves calm and he did a fantastic job. I'm only 23 and I got the vampire facial and it made my acne scars go away.  Definitely recommend him.  I'll be coming back as I need more things.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dZ0t1vDMQP-wRmYW8qokQQ	I have been very impressed with Dr. A's knowledge, professionalism, integrity, and overall ability to put me at ease with my medical concerns. I came to Dr. A earlier this year for a consult of my medical condition, then sadly I went to one of his competitors. That was a terrible mistake. With the competitor, I felt like he was not truly interested in my concerns, he didn't speak as though he cared if I were his patient or not. I went back to Dr. A, he quickly put me at ease, listened intently to what I had to say, and layed out a treatment plan that made sense...and one that has made a positive change for my now nonexistent condition. I appreciated the follow up Dr. A has done. He is truly committed to excellence! His staff is also very knowledgable, professional, and friendly, they too, helped me feel more comfortable! It's not very often one finds a doctor who truly cares about their patients, has a positive and can-do attitude, thank you Dr. A, I appreciate you and the work you and your staff do!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rUd7nVULBTMHoSY6KCHK6Q	Dr. Alevizos was amazing.  He took time to take me into his exam room and answer all of my questions.  He's really great and thorough.  Would definitely recommend him to others.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fxdM3wWHdTdGZK1nb7Qf-g	Officially my new primary doctor. Efficient, friendly and easy in/out of office. They definitely value their patients time.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oOHlPeTUuCUIZA7W1jkcBw	Love Dr A...couldn't loose weight, in fact gaining for no reason! He balanced my hormones and the weight came off:  I love Dr A!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=USelDlu7sK4jbhxuszYHwA	This review is for the family practice side not workers' comp. My first visit came after a long search for ANYONE who could help me with my hormone issues. Two years of searching later, I located Dr. A online via a link to his blog on bio-identical hormones. What a relief to finally find a doc who A understands female issues B has some compassion.  So I brought my daughter, friend and co-worker, then my 78 year old mother. He literally saved my mom's life!! We came in to discuss possible thyroid issues and my concern regarding her meds. He took one look at my mom's legs, before we could barely speak, explained how the circulation was being cut off, next step no legs! Long story short he took her off the med that was causing lack of circulation (former dr blamed diabetes), took her off one of the 3 diabetes meds, ran tests treated her thyroid. Mom arrived first visit ready to die, 3 months later has a new lease on life!! We are very thankful Dr. A!!.Honestly, This office can be VERY hectic, so much so you can "feel" the tension at times. Since noting this, I try to schedule first/last of the day and early in the week appointments. So far the change has been good for me. .So glad to have found you Dr. A!! BTW my daughter loves Amy Risley PA too!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=G6CJ-jGVY8uwftCeCTd7Mg	My family has been seeing Dr A for the past 2 years and I can say that he is the most compassionate and caring Dr I have ever seen. He will spend as much time as we need to discuss our concerns.  I trust him with my children's care and he has never been wrong  with his diagnosis. His staff is always friendly and they never rush us. I have referred all of my friends to him and they have all been as happy as I am with his services. I am so glad I found such a special Staff and knowledgable Dr!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=B2sBKlcJzXz_eCbEEc7Cdg	My son was sick so I took him there to see why he was having rash on his skin. The dr. Told me that he has chicken pox, so he gave him medication to treat the chicken pox. I was very suspicious since he had all his vaccination done. Took him to his primary Dr. And he was shocked that he was given such a medicine..I have heard stories like that with others too..I would not go there again.	7	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8K0pSEF9OnQJv1ymME6sMg	The service at this facility is excellent, starting at the front desk. Lora greeted my husband and aggressively resolved a billing issue that he was unaware of, which enabled by daughter to be quickly treated. The doctors and friendly, knowledgeable and you don't feel rushed while having your medical needs assessed. .My son is also a regular at this facility due to football/sports injuries. We are able to be quickly seen and have x-rays taken when needed. .We have been coming to this facility for 6 years and have always been more than pleased. We highly recommend it	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Iaj-Qi0MYynO1ch95hi3NQ	Dr. Yacoob was great!.Rest of the place... NOT so much..Front office staff was rude, unfriendly, non responsive and could not have been less helpful. The receptionist thought it was completely normal that someone should wait 45 minutes past their appointment time to just get out of the waiting room and into one of the exam rooms.	4 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6oIrCvh97dKuSY0w_jP_rQ	My first impression wasn't great, but once I reached the correct window for Dr. Chia I was good to go. The front office attendant was very helpful and Dr. Chia was too. I recommend.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EOnGQch-ntNnYoQ5FUgKFw	Their medical billing department is terrible. The lady who helped me over the phone was so rude and had an attitude every time I asked her a question. I am not willing to deal with rude staff every time I have to pay my bill. It's not worth it. I will not be coming here again..NOTE: I came here about 3 weeks ago. It was my first time there. I waited about 10-15 minutes to be seen by a doctor (which was awesome compared to my usual wait time of 30-60 minutes at my other doctor's office). I saw Dr. Rodriguez and she was awesome. I have no complaints about the doctor. This place would've gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for their billing department's attitude problem.	3 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=slrH6zwPlP8GHbm4lbGLkw	Came here because I couldn't get to my primary care doctor before 5p.  I waited for about an hour and saw a doctor (Doctor R, I forgot his last name!).  He was so helpful!  He took his time to talk to me and address all my questions.  He even printed out some information for me to take home to read and went the extra mile to reassure me.  This was huge for me because I think doctor's always give you worst case/best case scenario which scares the bejesus out of you..+Coverage hours.+Convenient location .+Friendly and helpful staff.+Very attentive and caring doctors (based on Dr. R).-Long wait time	3 3 3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jJdoFOjiv7qEDB2CZscPig	This review is specific to the night staff at the urgent care window on the night of 3/25/16.  I have never seen staff at a medical facility treat people so rudely both in person and over the phone.  What's more, after the encounters they have with patients/patrons, they proceed to talk poorly about them openly and complain about their jobs.  From my seat in the waiting area I can hear the front desk attendant talking poorly about her coworkers, who seem not on shift tonight and one of the ladies is talking about her plans to call out sick on Tues this coming week. The people running this facility at night are disgusting and I hate being in their presence. If it were not for the fact that I am sick and need medicine tonight, I would have just left.  I don't ever want to have to be around such negative and disgruntled people at their jobs again.	5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zlqbbhAujrMla0eDiK7mIw	After a terrible experience at marina medical group near my house in Huntington Beach, I decided to seek a provider in Irvine because..well, it's Irvine. I am so happy to have found this place, which coincidentally, turned out to be right across from the restaurant, Boiling Point. Super convenient since I frequent Boiling Point + Mitsuwa (one parking lot over). It's easy to locate as it's in the same plaza as Buffalo Wild Wings/Caspian. .I called and scheduled an appointment and it was easy breezy. I got an appointment for the very next day with Dr.CARMELA Yacoob. For the people who were upset this is not the Dr.Yacoob you were expecting, please be sure to check their website listed, in which you can clearly see the doctors photos + information before you complain about being mislead. .The staff here were friendly and fast, filled out my paperwork, paid JUST my copay (no other ridiculous fees). Was not told I have any sort of deductible/out of pocket that applies *ahem, see my Marina Medical Group review.* The office is slightly confusing as there are several windows and the name plaques above are not completely accurate, so just look for your doctor's name on the clipboards on the counters. .I was taken into the exam room quickly, had my weight + height + vitals measured, and got some blood drawn. This was painless and quick. Then again, I should mention I'm not all that scared of needles. I met Dr.Yacoob and established care with her. Pretty excited to finally find my very own PCP since prior, I had jumped from one provider to another (never really satisfied in one way or another). She was friendly, great bedside manners, and just over all very warm and thorough. I'll be back in two weeks to follow up with her for my full physical and blood work. .I HIGHLY recommend this place as it is very professional, comfortable, and friendly. They give you an invoice where you can clearly see the services you will be charged for (venipuncture for getting blood drawn, etc). Yes, there was some wait time as the doctor was going from room to room, but I urge you to consider several things before you complain about waiting at a doctor's office. If you complain about doctor's double booking, then consider that you might have to wait weeks/months before you can snag an appointment. Maybe they are trying to make more money, maybe they are just making sure patients get seen in a timely manner. Also consider that there are not enough doctors (especially in primary care) to accommodate the amount of people who need to be seen. Sometimes, they don't even double book, but will run over (this happens at my office, we NEVER double book). Why? Sometimes you can't account exactly how long you will need with a patient. Sometimes there are unexpected situations. Imagine if you had an issue to discuss and the doctor rushed you or just cut you off --- "whoops, sorry, it's time to see my next scheduled patient, don't want to make them wait!" It doesn't work like that. MOST providers do their best to time manage, but sometimes circumstance prevents so keep that in mind. .That said, this place was awesome.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=K5TAl5jmY_L5ci5VQ8uZTA	This place has horrible costumer service. I am an ICU nurse and I should know how to treat patients. Everyone at the front desk is rude. My first visit there, none of the staff knew which window I am suppose to go to for  a particular physician. Dr. Abazarri did my physical but did not follow up. I made the point to make a follow up appointment few months later due to my labs results. She didn't even remember who I was and why I was there. Clearly she did not look over my chart before entering the room. She told me she didn't feel the need to re-do my labs even though I had some abnormal results last time. I had been fasting for over 14 hours by then she could have done the lab work.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9Zii3R4K0RLrq5R0uNEWng	If I could give this place zero stars, I would! .Don't wast your MONEY and time in this place. They don't see patents as human. All they care about Money. .This is my First time and last time. The receptionist was super rude, she ask me for the insurance card twice and for every time ,she  just laugh and said "oh right you gave it to me" ..Didn't seem like she cared at all..The nurse "Jennifer" with no respect . She is super rude, and unprofasional. I had to wait 2 hours and a half in waiting room ,then I waited in the room about 1 hour. and every time i ask her how long i have to wait she laugh and said "there is a lot of patents we are so busy" , but all the rooms empty where is the patents ? She put me in the last room in the end, i don't know what this is mean ,but all what i know is nurses should NOT treat patents this way. They won't wait if they aren't in pain don't play with people health. .I've never felt so uncomfortable in a medical setting and have never experienced such awful behavior and attitude from the medical staff!!!! .I should listened to the other reviews.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sffeJLRWlVQvj_8KbuaboA	Doctor Chia is great! They even have helped with things like calling the lab to see if they can do a blood allergy test and the lab was able to get me special tests that weren't routine for Dr. Chia. I love how my allergy results get posted within a few days or a week on their website. I never had problems with appointments like other yelpers. I also have been late and no one made a big deal out of it. I hardly wait at the doctor's office. There have been busy times, but it is never a long wait. They also have a walk in clinic.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=obvHvVoWBdyPOiIc1PsyJg	Dr. Chia was wonderful! Very thorough and professional, asked a lot of questions, and tried to consider various options. I rarely go to the doctor, but this was a very positive experience. Her nurse was also so personable and helpful.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yr_nL0V4agsRzPXfoef5kg	Horrific experience at this Irvine medical office..The assistant at the front window was very unhelpful at this clinic. She didn't communicate well and seemed like she didn't care at all. On top of all this she seemed overly emotional..I had just been in a car accident, suffered a concussion and lacerations, and walked in and put my name down on the list. After almost one hour, I walked outside, about 10 feet from the reception area, for a breath of fresh air and, when I came back in, I noticed that she was accepting the patients that came in after me..I went to ask her what happened to my turn and she said that she called my name and when I didn't answer she kept going and that I would have to now sign in behind everyone else as if I had just entered. .When I shared with her my discontent, in a calm but frustrated way, she became very emotional. One of the doctors came by and, when he saw she was upset, told me that I should leave and that they would not be seeing me. This doctor was thin, in his early forties, about 5'8", and had short black curly hair..It was obvious that the last thing this doctor cared about is patients and providing care and other human beings. He never spoke with me or asked me questions about what happened he just listened to her explain a few things and then came out with his judgment..Maybe I'm fortunate that this happened before I was put under the care of a hateful and ignorant doctor like him.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hXaRCEtK7175XyLPSDM-Kg	For their urgent care, I was in and out in 40 min...Laura the nurse was really nice. So was the doctor. I came at 8am so no one was there. I will def go back if I have another urgent matter.	1 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Dbu29WuVCD5Ui-maMpJwBw	I see Dr. Chia here and she is my favorite doctor and very knowledgeable. She fixed my electrolyte problem by asking if I have enough daily calcium and that was my problem for so long. She has many solutions to problems for me and is very respectful. I also like how your labs and everything can be accessed on their website. They hired new staff because there are some new and friendly faces. I used to not like the front desk people but the new ones are great and it is easy to get an appointment. The old front desk made phone calls and scheduling difficult. I have been going here for 4 to 6 years.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hDUaOX6tGpBddfUbY-WnFQ	Dr. James Feld in here, is a fantastic Doctor! My husband has gone to him for years, and we can't be more impressed and pleased! Dr. Feld is a very thorough Doctor, labs, physicals and follow ups are required, however, it you are looking for a doctor who takes his time to properly diagnose and not just treat the symptoms, you will love him! The Walk In is good too! Jolly, the RN in there is just wonderful, and my experiences there have been mostly positive! Wait times can get long, but that is to be expected at a walk in.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hJzspUMLl2-QCWuc6GqA3Q	I am the manager here and would like to clarify that suite 101 X-Ray is not affiliated with Irvine Family Practice anymore.  They are owned by Radnet.  I am sorry you had a bad experience with X-Ray, I will pass the word on to their management.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NMLJYpFJxcQFkXK4Y_23Kg	The only reason I'm giving this place stars is for Carrie and the doctor I saw (I forgot his name but he was a pleasant, foreign man with a teddy bear tie), but zero stars for the rude receptionist and incompetent nurse that wrote my prescription. Receptionist has an attitude and other nurse was talking to me like I was 5, when I returned there because of a misunderstanding with the pharmacy that filled my prescription, who sent me back to talk to them. Won't be returning.	3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kIoHTW4pZBBzXpqaqeTTTw	Doctor did nothing to help, took no information and never followed up. Save yourself and don't go here,		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0hEkhKcHqg1tjv6O6e08pQ	They don't care about patent as human. All they care about the money. This is urgent care but business and money first. The recipient with no respect and full of attitude. I have travel medical insurance and I know it cover under PPO, and I've been in many situations before in other dr and they understand.  But they don't care. They make me wait for an hour and later told me they would accept but it travel insurance so we can't. The answer didn't make sense and I told them ok send the bill to them and if they refuse send it to my mail like other hospital and we will pay. You have your address. But they said no you have to pay cash in front.. .Well I don't need your urgent care... thanks god my situation is not that serious.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WMLpCmHnwFYOshwoiSkeiQ	I am a nurse at UCLA. This doctor is one of the BEST!!! He listens and encourages a healthy lifestyle before additional medication.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rwGoI-KyLZzpUrM0hm7Pzg	I have been under The care of dr Pham for approximately 1 year now. He is an outstanding Doctor who actually takes time to listen and talk to u about your health issues. This doctor doesn't treat u like most other doctors where u are a number and they give u 2 minutes of their time. Understand if u ever have to wait, that he is giving a patient quality care that u will receive when it's your turn. He's well worth the wait.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3TEcnXXH0DCsiSQkwED3Lw	Don't go see this doctor. They denied me of service and told me I needed to be seen by the previous doctor that saw me. The manager did not give me their name either and the staff is very rude. The manager asked me what my name was after he didn't want to tell me what his name was saying, " I asked you second." Do not see him and beware of how rude they are.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QbIvKm49Ao5_tUkfi1OaBg	Dr. Pham has been our family doctor for 10 years. He cares about his patients. I recently had problems with ADOCS referrals for an orthopedic specialist, and returned to see him a few times for a solution. He took time to talk to me, and had his assistant, Alex to help.  Alex was so kind and patient; he called ADOCS so many times to get the right specialist for me. I am scheduled for a shoulder surgery on August 13. Hope everything would be ok then. Thank you doctor, Alex, and all staff members there much!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UNIXfyTbkTq4BGBKuOW0sg	What a fantastic Dr.!!! You can tell he genuinely cares about his patients. Once when I had an issue with my blood pressure, he had me text him my BP twice a day!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dfovQk2lAETa0Ns34ZMoPg	Dr. Pham see's both myself and my wife.  We are both very happy with his attention to detail and he listens very well.  We both highly recommend Dr. Pham.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=P3FMykt4XHShzVIXWQnmjw	Excellent doctor. He takes great care in treating his patients with kindness and also allowing them the freedom to make decisions about their health care. He listens to patents' concerns and then offers solutions. If it wasn't for the fact that I see Dr. Pham under adverse health conditions, I would actually enjoy the visit to see him.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T9gEGNss76xk7YEjtxEQkw	He is very thorough! Love this office. Little or no wait time and friendly staff......	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4QoDMax87ovLbuPgvj9gSw	Dr. Fishbein is very personable. He takes his time to review test results and explains the importance of areas that require attention. I have been a patient for over 10 years and he is great. I have had to see him urgently and was able to get a same day appointment.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4yDt8HUuYbU7mD2MRzZNJA	Dr. Fishbein cuts to the chase and I feel like he tells me what I need to know without sugarcoating anything.  I like his straightforward style, and the staff has always been friendly and prompt.  Also, I schedule my appointments online through their portal which makes things a lot easier.  Recently went in for a followup visit after I went to the ER, and I felt that him and his staff were very professional and gave me all the info I needed.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UtokLKaulBj7GGAgnRnJ2g	My doctor Michael Shaw retired and my files were turned over to  Family Care Center. .I did some checks on YELP and found this office either got 5 stars or 1 star.??.WELL, they got 5 STARS from me !!!  .Jennifer at the front desk is a WONDERFUL person, greeter, administrator and has a great smile !!!  Tiffany was my personal medical assistant that got me through the basics of temperature and blood pressure and once you mention Calgary, she hits second gear and gets even better !!!.I selected Dr Fishbein  as my medical provider and found him efficient and professional on the first visit and when I had my annual physical on the second visit, he was warm, friendly and thorough..Do not know what else you can ask from a medical office ???	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5t7IqJKLymi642NcATa9HQ	Dr  Fishbein has been my PCP for over 3 years, he always listens to my symptoms and does what he feels will resolve the problem, including referrals that he finds necessary. I will continue to see Dr. Fishbein and all who are affiliated with Greater Newport Physicians and Hoag Hospital.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=creSj1OjpBhduIHNgZLtDA	I honestly think Dr. Fishbein is the best!!!   He is short(not his height) and very precise with his words.  Yes, he does have a unique personally but my wife and I LOVE it.  We always talk and laugh about our experiences with him.  Dr. Fishbein is a very kind and caring Doctor to say the least!!!!!!!!  We would really love to sit and have a couple drinks with him..My wife and I have been with his practice for 13 years now and never want him to retire.  We are very easy going people and only put trust in people whom have consistently performed. Maybe all the people whom gave bad reviews like to self diagnoses their symptoms....need love and tender care form their doctors......   We just want a very educated Doctor professional assistance which Doctor Fishbein provides!!.There were a couple of concerns that I had that Doctor Fishbein stated not to worry about.   He stated the tests were not necessary but I still requested the test and he DID NOT block my request one bit.  GUESS WHAT?? HE WAS RIGHT EVERYTIME(4-5 TIMES).  So I really dont understand the reviews???   .Oh yeah.... My wifes first tumor Doctor Fishbien caught with a routine check up.....   The other two tumors my wife had she was more aware of the symptoms which Doctor Fishbien and her addressed ASAP!!! .NO I AM NOT RELATED TO THE DOCTOR IN ANY WAY!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Qm8gYDhDR4-zHMAjiY3DFg	Dr. Fischbein has been my GP for over 20 years, and he's been helping me to stay in good shape ever since.   He's very good with practical advice, recommendations and guidance.  I would definitely recommend him.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ksWSHVCEtOg7pBBJ6gYaYA	Ridiculously horrible staff. Rude, unprofessional, incompetent and offensive. You'll get better care in a back street alley.	1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CUY-DnhMM25TAsk-GmmbEQ	My visit with Dr. Fishbein was the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor.  I found him to be very rude and impersonal.  He was condescending and disrespectful.   I would not recommend him for a new patient.	6 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RNUC8YMe2wE1BhxWOFH7GQ	I have been seeing Alison Omel, PA-C for the last few years and she is fantastic.  She always listens and addresses any concerns I may have.  The staff is great and always good about following-up on paperwork/labwork and scheduling an appointment.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5laPiShYcDWzpgcF9V_iTw	I've had Dr Fishbein as my family doctor since I was a small child. As I've become an adult I have become fully aware on what makes a good Doctor and it's clear to me that he has lost touch with his profession. I feel he isn't really there to help me anymore and my visits feel very "quick n dirty". I feel like he's there just to collect my copay and move onto the next patient as soon as possible. He is no longer my family doctor and I am now searching for a new doctor as we speak.	8 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0_YrpS-cX0czpX3Kp0Eqyg	I was a patient of Dr. Fish for a long time when I was kid.      Great place to take children.   .He takes time to explain things, and he makes you feel comfortable when you are sick..I especially like the puppet thingy that looks just like him.   There's a nice and friendly approach.	3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v0Km4zRv_fQ92ZbjHRu_cg	I have been seeing Dr. Fish for years and never had a problem making appt., getting the meds I need or being rushed.  In fact, that's why I've stuck with him.  Always patient and explains everything.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wVeeoRwiEGLvDcNmGP68nw	Dr. Fishbein is an outstanding physician.......!!!!.I've been seeing Dr. Fishbein and his PA Allison Omel for years and they and the staff are the best. I've never had a problem he is a caring and capable doctor. He's always willing to set me up with a good specialist without hesitation when the situation called for it..He has great communication skills -- especially careful listening -- that can make all the difference between a good doctor-patient relationship and a poor one.'' Dr. Fishbein demonstrates his bedside manner in a professional and friendly approach when we talk over different treatment options; plus I never feel rushed but comfortable with his approach in helping me with my medical care..Regardless of the other reviews.....he takes the oath of caring for his patients seriously.....always!!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0rDAMHVGLcYZUTnpLlyq_Q	I did extensive research on all the reviews for Dr. Fishbein before I went to visit him, but I found him to be rude, nasty, and uncooperative..Dr. Fishbein doesn't like to help his patients, or write prescriptions when needed.  "I don't feel comfortable" is his response to any prescription that he should write..I think for the future, this doctor should give-up his practice and try the music business as he is better suited to that field..Save your money and find a doctor that is caring and cooperative, as he is NOT!	6 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Cb1JnTYuUq74IWJ8sPCVaA	I've had Dr. Fish as my PCP for a number of years and I am very satisfied with the service received. Never a problem scheduling an appt, organized and well run office, clean modern facility, he is a caring and capable doctor. Always set me up with a good specialist without hesitation when the situation called for it.	3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=USelDlu7sK4jbhxuszYHwA	Great doctor/family practice. I'm afraid my health issues were too much for this particular practitioner and had to go elsewhere.	4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X0zXOJGxYXlejNzbEO8yRQ	Horrible doctor. Very rude and very condescending. he made me feel horrible about my visit and basically told me that I was crazy and he couldn't help me. he made me feel VERY uncomfortable. Isn't the whole purpose of being a doctor to help people and make them feel better? He didn't even give me the opportunity to tell him why I came in. He just wanted to get me out and move on to the next patient. I spent 45 min waiting and a copay for absolutely nothing but negativity I left in tears and switched doctors as soon as I got home. I don't recommended him!!	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=87rKm26blycZV3-OzvDABg	I've been seeing Dr. Fishbein and his PA Allison Omel for years and they and the staff are the best. I've never had a problem with getting an appointment on short notice, we talk over treatment options, i've never felt rushed, records are good, referrals are easy... Really first rate.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=i9-S8mRk6QIBdM3YvePgAw	I am not happy with this doctor. He hardly heard what I had to say and I felt like he rushed me through. The biggest problem I had was his expression and his attitude. He looks as if he has lost everything and has no interest in life. My doctor need not smile or always be friendly with me, but should not depress me. And I visited this guy twice. Not going there ever again.	9 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FXgyrSqONTzjDRm6v_O67w	Waited 1 hrs, and still couldn't get in for scalds on my face. Even two others who came in right after me, they got in at my turn. When I asked to a front rep, she said it's emergency. If it is so, why they didn't get in right after signed-in? Or, she should ask me or give some explain before they get in, i think. Very unpleaseant experience. Will never come back.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lzHESRkqfrixT34elXWV-g	ZERO stars for the receptionist at the front of Suite 100.  I went in on 4/1 around 6:30 pm because I needed a prescription for something and I had never been to a walk-in clinic before.  I had a few questions about my insurance since I was not too familiar with how everything worked (I have been out of the country for a while and don't see the doctor very often)..I was very polite and asked only a couple questions about my insurance but she just couldn't be bothered.  She barely looked at me and her tone was just incredibly rude!  I have NEVER encountered someone with such horrible customer service.  If you're having a bad day, you don't take it out on someone else, especially if you are representing a health facility.  You never know what that other person is dealing with..Note that before I went in, I had called the office and the lady on the phone said that I could try to make an appointment with the doctor I was interested in once I was there.  WRONG.  Receptionist said very impolitely that the only way was to call in the next morning..I walked out after telling her how rude she was and ended up crying because I really wanted to see the doctor or at least have my basic questions answered but she just had the worst attitude and made me feel stupid and like crap..I definitely don't recommend that place if you are going there to resolve any sort of medical issue because her attitude will just add on so much more stress to what you're already dealing with..If the manager is reading this, look up who worked that shift and tell her to work on herself or get fired.  She should not be representing your office.  If she had given me the same answers but actually looked at me and was nice about it, I wouldn't even be writing this review.	8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fSK9GjBXTE7H9ccoWZV6pA	I went here because I had been having trouble with ringing in my right ear and not hearing very well from it. After a quick diagnosis, the doctor swiftly determined that it too much wax in my ear. He had a nurse clean it but it didn't get any better.  I ended up having to go to a ear nose and throat specialist and not only was it not ear wax build up but it turns out I had sensitivity towards Benadryl which I'd been taking. He cleaned out the congestion from my ear, nose and sinuses and it felt better right away. And he advised me not to take Benadryl anymore. I don't know if I can trust the doctor at this clinic with anything else.		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KumY2qgrfulxKum5C8rrLQ	I have been a patient of Dr. Goelman here my whole life, and they have always been attentive and helpful. I have gone to the Walk-In on multiple occasions, and I know I can trust any Doctor that will be treating me. .Last year I had toxic shock syndrome while away at school in Tucson. I returned to Irvine after my release from the hospital and Dr. Goelman gave me a very thorough check up when I got home, and before I went back to school. He checked my blood to ensure normal kidney function, white blood cell count, and anything that could indicate a relapse. I have been healthy and happy since returning to school!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6eqbMNouhmdQBIWCqdLrUQ	I wanted to update this with 5 stars for Jolly! She's amazing and referred me to a specialist and followed up multiple times to see how I was recovering.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lMcYwKNQiPLScyZ6JoDVuQ	I was a patient of Dr. ford for many years, but then she left. I now see Dr. Yacoob and Dr. Rodriguez, both of whom are very sweet. Most recently, Dr. Rodriguez treated me for my migraines. She's very sweet and spends time to listen to you. I also enjoy that she has a laptop with her to take notes, and send my prescriptions to my pharmacy! No more wasting time dropping off a prescription and waiting. I also love Rosie the nurse. She's very sweet! Minus one star for the front of the office, which could use an update.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GIEKgqSOokFMATAsXdUWlA	Yes, a day and a half later and still no call. Last time my medication did not get sent to the pharmacy for almost a week, even with almost daily reminders. Goodbye Irvine Medical Center..I've been going for 5 years. Dr. Baick was the worst. He sent me into a deep depression with his callous remarks. My therapist actually swore when she heard what he told me. Mourra is good. Can never get in touch with Chia..So yeah, find a place that doesn't triple book. I know for a fact that they do. Done waiting over an hour for mediocre medical advice. I found a great endo that is thorough and treats my body as a whole, not just the symptoms. She's gotten me further than all my other doctors.	4 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XylT12exfdLiI_3uDLVIpw	My first doctor when I moved to irvine was Dr. Baick who at first I liked..Some things that were said later on did not sit well with me and I transferred to a new GP not part of this group..The office has an urgent care which is good when you need it but not so good when you come for a standard appointment and get exposed to all the sick people..Staff are fairly decent and the nurses are pretty nice..I would not recommend as my first choice but in case of emergency or no other options than perhaps come here.	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6JrSeu7_7J9SWr8YMT_DlQ	The nurse (Carrie) was very nice. We came back two days after the first visit and she remembered me and my previous visit even though thus clinic has a large volume of patiens. .The doctor (unfortunitly I can't remember his name) took the time to think about the appropriate treatment for my condition (infected bug bite). He offered that I call him over the next two days if my condition worsent. I never felt rushed or like they wanted to get us out the door as often feels in other walkin clinics..Too bad we don't live in Irvine to have this doctor as my primary care physician.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-9jfexQDdTYZos021hPFag	My family has been coming to Irvine Family Practice for many years now. I decided to write a review about last night at the walk in. The wait time was kind of long, about an hr if not more, but if we were to have gone somewhere else I know it would have been longer wait. The good thing about this place is the friendly staff. They all were so nice and happy. The front office lady got a lot of people coming in with crazy situations and still kept and smile on her face even though she was probably overwhelmed. She even thanked us for our patience and notified us that they were doing the best they could to get us back in a timely manner. The dr really knew what she was talking about and didn't rush us when she was very busy.  I would definitely go back there to the walk in anytime we need treatment.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WKM7OBgp6aE7nrIU2Ddwdg	Although I have never seen an actual doctor from this medical group my review is for their customer service..I am a UC student and received a referral to go elsewhere, the doctors from this group were on the insurance website as potential doctors I can visit. So I decided to make an appointment with one of the doctors here. When I called, I told them the insurance I had and that I wanted to make an appointment to which the lady answered, 'we only  take ppo so make sure that it is ppo" (my insurance is ppo). When I got to the check-in window I gave the receptionist my paperwork that they asked me to print and fill out from the website, she took my insurance card and two seconds later tells me, "we don't take school insurance."  She's telling me this now, when the other lady told me otherwise? She follows her assertion by asking me if I wanted to be seen as a cash patient. If I had the cash to pay for medical care I would not have the school's insurance which is good for nothing, but thats another story. Needless to say I was extremely disappointed that they made me waste my time going to their facility when they could have told me this when I mentioned my insurance to the person who initially took my call.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rvkVh-FNvg2fYSgHjG4mkQ	Nothing to complain about..I came here for a Healthy Check. I was a few minutes early and they were able to see me immediately. They even knew my name, and I hadn't been there in three years!.The staff is nice, friendly, and professional, all at the same time. You get your lab results by the time your Healthy Check is finished..I think you're due for a checkup. It's quick and painless here.	5 2 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2_PmmTDTpEjHplNKlSOrLA	I recommend walking out of the doctors office with your prescription in hand. There often seems to be a problem when the office calls in your prescriptions for you. I have had a few other minor issues with the office too. The doctors all seem to do a good job though.	2	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WhaQjILOqxSsCXEK8jCVvw	The nurses are very rude and don't care about the patient. Do not recommend this doctor office.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=F2VEAGm4AL4zNYQIUC90wA	Glancing over the reviews I notice that the reviews with less than 5 stars are all for urgent care. It's really unfair to rate them on that since the urgent care office is operated by all the doctors in the building not just Irvine Family Practice.  I see Dr. Baick and Dr. Paskil at IFPMG and they're the best.  We've moved around the country and I've seen many many doctors, but they're the only ones who really seem to care.  They never make me feel rushed and they're always patient and funny and I can tell they genuinely care about their patients..I'll share a short story about one of my visits. I went in because I was having horrible upper abdominal pain that almost sent me to the ER.  Dr. Baick examined me and told me it was probably my gall bladder and sent me to get an ultrasound. Sure enough my gall bladder was full almost to overflowing with stones.  I had my surgery a few weeks later and now I'm just fine.  I'd had that pain for years (a dull upper abdominal pain) and my old doctor and my gastroenterologist never figured out what my problem was. I'm so thankful I found this practice and I can't recommend them enough..As far as urgent care goes I've gone in twice, once for stitches and another time for the flu and my experience was fine. Yes, the wait was long, but there were tons of patients ahead of me. This is one of the few if not the only urgent care office that 's open late so naturally it's usually crowded, which results in waiting.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4eQ1bmtuxlWqmYuluDKfLQ	PATHETIC LACK OF COMPASSION!.As I'm walking up to the glass front door of the clinic with my 10 year old son at my side - in pajamas - crying from ear pain at 8:58... One of the staff members sees us and dives to the front door to lock it in front of us.  It could have made NFL highlight reels if a camera man had been present.  Locking the door to a clinic in front of a 10 year old kid in pain.  Nice one!  Good enough for a SNL comedy sketch.   .I point to my iPhone time to the heartless clock puncher (Apple operates external time servers synced to the atomic clocks carrying the official U.S. time) - it clearly reads 8:59.  The clinic closes at 9:00.  ."Our clocks say 9 O'Clock" she says as she turns her back to us (me and the crying 10 year old) through the glass and walks back to the reception desk.  Then her and another employee close the reception window that is visible through the glass entrance door - being careful to avoid eye contact with me.  Obviously to them it was better that my son simply did not exist.  So why not pretend!  .What is important though is that they leave at 9:00 PM sharp.  Clearly they need to get home.  What a sad experience, a sad group of employees and a sad practice to allow this type of thing from ever happening!  Shame on you!	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6plGm7iNsggnHJTD0lATTw	I love my doctor Carmela Yacoob and her nurse. However, the front office person, Linda, who answered the phone and handled my prescription refill was horribly rude.  SO unnecessary.	1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=p57F1FLXac8mjsN38FGrwQ	I've been here twice..... once as moral support for a friend, another time for myself.  Both times have been pretty good experiences..For my time, it was pretty good because I was using my HSA card and the doctor knew to charge me for a cheaper rate (I was there for less than 10 minutes gettin' somin' removed.... MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS!!!  HA HA HA!!!).  The staff showed me their bill scale and, sure enough, they made sure to bill me for the fewer minutes..Never came here when I had an HMO, so check on that.  But if you have a PPO, pretty quick and convenient office.	2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t4G1zXCl1Yj4-H__R-0JCg	I went to Urgent Care because I thought I may have been bitten by a spider.  My night nurse Jolie knew my diagnosis right away. We even made a bet! She said it was gout. Yup, sure it was I told her. Sure, enough when Dr. Rosebrock saw me it was definitely was gout. This Urgent Care treated me with the ultimate customer service. TJ the front desk welcome me with a bright smile. Jolie the nurse very intelligent, pretty, kind hearted and funny too. I was very comfortable on my visit. Dr. Rosebrock took his quality time to make me understand about gout. By the way, I even got a call follow up the next day from nurse Jolie. WOW excellent service! I recommend this Urgent Care to my co-workers, family and friends anytime. My visit was 07/15/2014. I personally give this staff 10 STARS!!!!	2 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sTDqjf0StfEOe8_5-JthVw	I've been seeing Dr. Yacoob for about 15 years.  She is great, always remembers me even though she is jumping from room to room every 10 min.  The facility has gotten a facelift which was way overdue but still has major privacy issues..Most of the time they take you in and then you sit in the exam room to wait some more.  Usually  wait time is 20 minutes.  Today I was lucky and didn't wait too long which is rare..But in many other occasions, while seating in the small exam rooms waiting I could hear the entire conversations going on in the adjacent rooms.  I always know when I'm next since I'm able to hear my Dr. wrapping up next door..I like Dr. Yacoob but I don't like the staff nor the facility as much.  Especially the front office staff, not the friendliest bunch.  Even worse on the phone!.I have to say I like the patient fusion program they started using a few years ago.  You can log in at anytime and check for appointments and lab history..Great caring doctor but not loving the facility and most of the staff.		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bcG9OVbqNN4lGvb4eJXMMw	Went there for my wife's urgent: had to wait 2 hours and a half until the doctor showed up, without scrubs, in his regular clothes!!! He was Iranian, knew Farsi but didn't speak in Farsi, don't know why! The facility is old, everything old and they're using cheap stuff. The X-ray guy was using an old typewriter machine to input the form, seeing folders all around, even in X-ray room!!! Obviously hasn't been computerized, everything being done on paper and by hand. The doctor was trying to push me and my wife to go and see his doctor friends. Bottom line, not a medical office of 21 century and suitable for a city like Irvine.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TJdB3ntjmfeN90fsSOyOLg	I've been coming here for years and have seen most of the doctors.  I believe they are all good doctors, and do care for their patients.  However, recent event as few doctors left the practice and started their own, I received a letter telling me private details why my doctor has left the practice, and have since retired, which is untrue..Upon clarifying my doctor did not retire and in fact started her own practice, Irvine Family practice would not retract their lie, and started charging patients medical record transfer fee to transfer my own medical record.  I know this is a courtesy, however, for the past 10 years that I've been a patient here, never once they had this transfer fee.  .I have no beef with the doctors at this practice, but with what they did, I would not bother going back to them as this they cross the line of professionalism, and allowed a private matter to interfere with patients.  This is completely inappropriate, and I am not taking a chance to have my medical record be ransomed or held hostage should they get mad at another one of their own collegues.  See ya!	5 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OuljRV-oVSKOIbneDrPMYQ	Went here for a quick appt after work so I wouldn't have to worry about it in the morning. I read about this place right here on Yelp, so I thought I'd throw in my two cents and share the wealth of useful information..The Walk-In is connected to the Irvine Family Practice facility, which makes it convenient if you can't see a doctor during regular business hours. The Walk-In office is open from 8am-9pm, and there's hardly any wait. Got there just before 5pm and was the first one there. Only waited about 5 minutes after filling out the paperwork. Office staff was mostly friendly considering it was the end of the day..I was seen by Dr. K. Rosebrock who really took the time to listen to my symptoms and examine me. Had to wait for some quick lab results, which took a few more minutes. When he came back, he thoroughly explained the results and even took the time to write down an outline of what everything meant. He wasn't quick to treat me with antibiotics (like many doctors might), because he wanted to wait for the rest of the lab results, which would take a few days. .This experience was a lot better than my usual appointment with my primary care physician. What I appreciated most about Dr. Rosebrock was that he took the time to actually write down his explanation for me (which no other doctor has EVER done for me before), and he also was in a rush to load me up on antibiotics. He felt it would be better to wait for the results first and then treat me accordingly. .I would go here again and recommend to anyone looking for quality medical care. In fact, I'm probably going to change my primary care physician to one of the doctors at Irvine Family Practice.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VJi0Yv27zzBKO4XUoX3h9w	Horrible service. I can not speak to the doctors but the General manager Janet and their staff are in no way there to help. They refused to take responsibility after a false billing from a doctor that left the practice. I have never been to a place that was so unhelpful from beginning to the end and charged so much. I will never go again.	3 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XBFAPri-GHYkvvSuiMYAgg	Super long wait on 12/30 to see anyone.  I was in and out in n 3:15 hours!!  It is terrible, and I'm in the business of keeping time, and I'd say... if I had known, I would have never walked in.  What I did do, is to sign up, fill out the paperwork and then went to get coffee and breakfast - they don't like you doing that, in case they call your name, but my phone ran out of batteries and I was going out of my mind..The only reason this review gets a 4 star instead of a 1 or 2 - it's just like any other urgent care, and it could be that they were packed due to the holidays, which happens, but I saw Dr. David Paskil and he couldn't be a nicer man.  In fact, he's not just one of the nicest doctors I have ever met (and trust me, I've known my share of docs), but he knew exactly what he was talking about, he agreed with me regarding various issues and medications regarding my very bad eczema, he gave me some insight that made complete sense, and instead of the good 'ole ointment every other doctor likes to prescribe despite my continued protest to their ineffectiveness, often repeating myself ten times that the ointments don't work... Dr. Paskil provided me with a solution half way between the steroid shot and the good 'ole ointment: oral steroids and a cream; then he explained to me WHY he was suggesting that plan of action.  In fact, his plan of action seemed reasonable, make logical sense to me, and it was a good plan.  What do I know about internal medicine anyway?  He's no young guy, but he's not old, he's definitely knowledgeable and you can easily tell he's done this a very long time.  Who knew... an experienced doctor with people's skills (no to bash doctors, but seriously, so many need some work on their personalities). .At the end he prescribed oral medication, and a cream that did none of the side effects that I was concerned about (breaking out, pasty, waxy, etc.), and while I was a bit concerned about the Level 4 medication (up to this point, only ONE level 5 medication's worked for me), I have to admit he was right on point.  My face no longer STINGS tears out of me, which I've suffered for years (wasn't allowed to use the medication while pregnant), and that big red patch on my forehead that was a permanent fixture the last two years... is GONE..Dr. Paskil has a regular practice in the same office, and he mentioned that it's normally not this type of wait during regular hours... and I believe him.  He's been on point, he's been right about everything, and he's not BS-ed me like the USC doctor at the B of A building, so I have no reason whatsoever not to believe him.  I'm definitely making him my family doctor, and I'm glad I've found someone closer to home who's completely reliable.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1dYLXSGeX2Q40gdz7WE_Lg	I showed up on time for an appointment but was kept waiting for an hour!  Most of that time was alone in the exam room with no update as to when the doc would come in. This shows no respect for the patient's time.   I can understand such delays in an emergency room setting but not for a routine scheduled appointment.  I have a 26 year background in the medical field.  I know that when this happens its often because the doctor schedules several people to come at the same time so they don't have to wait a second for the next patient.  This is common on the east coast and may be the case here.  Regardless, an hour wait shows no respect for the patient's time..My Dr. was Dr. Goelman.  Given my background I know exactly what my medical issues are.  I just need the doc to draw blood and prescribe meds.  Dr. Goelman was acceptable clinically speaking, but not outstanding, i.e. he didn't tell me anything wrong, but didn't provide any pearls of wisdom either..Overall, this place is convenient, provides lab results online, but the 1 hr wait negate these conveniences.  I rather have to call in to get my results if I can save an hour waiting.	1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PCYZ5i2T9_6J8iHF5og8Rw	Came here on Saturday night, looking for an urgent care that was open at 8:10 pm.  This was the only choice and came from Newport Coast.  CAlled first.  Didn't know at the time but actually spoke with Nurse Laurie.  She said there was a wait, but when I explained the situation, she said, come on in.  My son had damaged his big toe nail, and had ripped it partially off.  He needed it removed since it would not lay back down.  (heading to camp the next day.)  When we arrived, no one was in the waiting room.  While I filled out forms, Laurie came out and looked at his nail.  They then brought him back.  She was very nice and even concerned about his eczema.  Anyway, Dr. Rorbock came in and he numbed his toe with shots and removed his nail.  He explained why he had to take the whole nail, not just cut it.  Very calming.  Laurie kept my son distracted while the doctor gave him shots...my son is 14.  Laurie and the Dr. were great!  Took their time, even though we were the last patients.  Laurie supplied my son with bandaids and bacitracin so he could bandage himself at camp..So thankful they were open!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cKMIgMj0yvnhbWqW7OQZ-w	I have visited here several times and each time my experience has been consistent - the doctors here are pretty good. They have a personal touch with their patients. But I am very pissed off with the staff members at this facility. They never call back or follow-up.. Every time I have visited I have seen them indulged in gossip most of the time.. well if you do your job right while you gossip, nobody complains. But each time I had a blood test, despite several follow-up from my side - nobody calls back!! The one excuse they give each time - the doctor hasn't gotten a chance to look at your report... well its your freaking job to keep reminding the doctors to look at the report and follow-up.. I am sure I will find out a better place than this around Irvine.	2	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Eq5Pptm8w2Vov1Y4eonAbQ	I have been going to one of the Family Practice doctors for years. In addition, I have been to the walk-in on 3 or 4 occasions and have always received prompt and courteous service.  I find the doctors to be very intuitive, thoughtful, and understanding. The office staff is always busy but still maintains that personal touch. In a rushed world, when everyone wants immediately gratification, it is nice to know that when it is your turn, you get the best treatment possible in an efficient amount of time.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XqtgovfXSFD35tWTI-G1Tw	I was really surprised reading some of the other reviews on here because I've always had a great experience! I've been getting sick a lot in the last 2 months, so I've been to this center quite a few times. The lady at the front is always friendly and nice. The Dr. never seems in a rush, always takes him time and listens to everything I say and writes it down. He takes notes on his laptop and always seems to be prepared. I was really pleased with the nurses here as well, I called hoping to get my lab results early and the nurse not only called me back that night after closing (letting me know the lab didn't have them), but she went out of her way to leave a note for the Dr. in the morning to call on my results as soon as possible. And also because my time schedule is complicated tomorrow, she was trying to figure out when I could get the medicine sent to CVS and made me feel relived and comfortable that if needed, I could get my medicine for strep. I just never had such great service at a Dr. office before! This place is certainly old fashioned (as in checking pulse and blood pressure by hand) But that doesn't mean you can't get Great Service! Great Place! And I never have a long wait either!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ActyOEBrAfRkgHmdcU3hzA	This passed Sunday night I had a terrible migraine, so bad it was causing me to feel nauseous and dizzy.  I immediately drove straight from the grocery store to the Irvine Walk In as I had visited this office before back in January for the flu.  It was a little slow so I got in a room right away.  The staff and doctor were wonderful and attentive.  After giving me an exam and a shot for pain they had me rest in a room til the migraine had subsided.  The doctor also gave me some samples of migraine medication in case I had any more migraines.  I was pleasantly surprised when they called me the next day to see how I was feeling.  I've had two great experiences here, better than previous hospital or doctor visits I had in the past.  I would highly recommend this office and will definitely return if I have any future medical issues.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ltTLCzM4p-1cnC70SPNfSA	This place is great!! They have a walk-in which is open til 9pm daily (and usually isn't too crowded), and a ton of excellent doctors ready to treat you (so it's easy to get an appointment with another doctor if yours happens to be out of town or something). They are great with insurance processing and have a little pharmacy inside the walk-in in case you need to get your medicine before fleeing (instead of waiting at cvs for 30 minutes). Close to Wendy's too, in case you need some soothing frosty power.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7FQBjmuPxdCml83ypBRvGQ	I walked in yesterday around 4 PM, waited about 20 mins, and saw an attendant (resident?) first, then Dr. Allen Houshiar.  The attendant was really nice; after she checked my blood pressure, weight, etc, she said, "I hope you feel better soon," and that the doctor would be with me shortly. I've never gotten that from any attendant before!.The doc made some recommendations, including an x-ray. The x-ray took a long time! I'm not sure if it's because the x-ray technician was kind of old or because it normally takes that long. But at least the x-ray table was comfortable; I almost fell asleep!.This afternoon, I got a call from the doctor's assistant, who said the doc wanted to know how I was feeling. That, for sure, is good customer service. It made me feel like the doc really cares how I'm doing. I can't tell you how many docs I've been to where I feel like he/she is trying to rush me out before I even have a chance to ask a question.	1 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kIUVD6fHUTj5Rz1Z7DZtJQ	If you have the luxury of having ppo for health insurance, this place has some great family practice doctors! Dr. Rosemary Ford is amazing! I was referred to her by the vp of my company. She has saved my life, literally, a few times. . Her biggest downfall is she's relentless!! If you smoke, you'll find yourself qutting. If you have high cholesterol, she'll hound on you 'til it goes down. If you have other bad habits, she'll help you break 'em! She'll even call to make sure you're taking your meds, keeping up on appointments, etc.....	7	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hWw75vv6Yx-RB890zrDOfA	This is super convenient, doctor Allen Houshiar is good, caring and professional .staff is ok I walk in as a last patient.I am so grad that I can make it to come in I am so sick !!!		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jWo_7LKQmybN7nIIEZFHtg	It was saturday after business hours and there were no other doctors available. My son had gotten sick with Hand and Foot Disease so I went to the Walk In. The wait was really really long but the doctor was quick to the point and good. The doctor saved us a lot of money and really explained to us well.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aHYeVjP4DR34GDr4vQ_0Vw	This office is very convenient.  Whenever I have urgent medical needs and my personal Dr cannot see me that same day, I come here.  I have been here about 3 times so far and every experience have been great!  No more than a 10 min wait and the Dr writes me a prescription that cures me!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g9_Jy8Fcbyll-qimcox_Sw	Dirty, dingy and old. They do not care about the patients only about MONEY!.Horrible office personal..Will never go there again.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ljCftZ_jzRfBNICOtKoBTA	I grew up in Irvine (this was/is my regular doctor's office) & moved up to Los Angeles 3 years ago - I've had terrible luck finding a decent dr. in LA so if I have to go for any reason at all, I drive an hour to be seen here b/c I know I'll be taken care of.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YyqOiYZx5jXvZjeFurw4AA	If you want to border malpractice, this is for you.. .I don't think there could be a more unhelpful staff and useless Doctor. At first Dr. Ford was nice and would treat a patient how they should be treated. Then the problems with billing happened and she asked me to tell her if I have problems with the way the administrative stuff is handled because she's in the back seeing patients and has no idea. So after another wrong bill, I wanted to let her know its still a problem (not to sort out billing, but just that these problems are happening). When I called, I got 5 phone calls from Janet and the rest of the office, but never from my Doctor. Next, I was told, "that my doctor cares about me medically, but doesn't care about my issues with the staff". Isn't that her office, and the face that represents her? And she doesn't care? A month later, I had side effects from a medication she prescribed and had a question. It took 4 phone calls from me to get a response, which was, make an appt. just for my question, from her staff nonetheless, not her. I never made an appt. because its absurd to pay a $35 copay for a 15 second question about side effects. When I called back again to see if she'd call me back, they "released" me from the practice because I hadn't made an appointment. .My issue borders a malpractice lawsuit. If you want a terrible and unresponsive staff and doctor, especially if your ill from side effects. Dr. Rosemary Ford is the right doctor for you.	6 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8wlCSxmF153BgLT5fUH82w	This review is for the walk in, haven't schedule appointment with any of the main doctors practicing here..I've walked in here 3 times, its the closest urgent care to where I used to work, still close to where I live, CONVENIENCE is the main reason I picked this group over other places..prepare to wait wait & wait if you decide to walk in, the wait time in my first two visits ranged from 40-60 minutes to get in, and you still wait some time inside after the nurse takes your temp, weight...etc .Last time I didn't wait much as I walked in 8:20am, no one before me, still waited 20 minutes then another 20 inside, and more as I waited for some test results which is I understand.Courteous staff, starting from the girl at the window, nurses, doctors, xrays, I guess it ok		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=B5jG_tvRmQqy35vWi4llig	Updated review...I've finally found a Dr! Dr. Baick, he's amazing! They must've fired the girl that hung up on my because I haven't had any other problems!		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c-77cBhyhKI1rpjycFM5yQ	THIS OFFICE LIED TO ME ON THE PHONE. .I went home to see my mom and didn't feel well. She told me to call Irvine Family Practice and make an appointment with Dr. Marlene Yacoob. She told me specifically to ask for her because she is the only doctor there that is actually good and knows what she is doing (my mom is a nurse for 35 years so she can tell the real doctors from the fake ones). .I called the office to schedule an appointment and they said that Dr. Marlene Yacoob and they told me that she was no longer with the practice and that she retired. THIS IS A BLATANT lie! I did my research and found that she moved to Irvine Odyssey Medical. Here is the link so all her patients can get to her.....I think this is beyond unethical that they would LIE to patients who are trying to get the best health care possible from a great doctor. It seems like a doctor who would lie to you about ANYTHING is not a doctor worth seeing and it makes me question whether they should even be allowed to practice medicine. Sounds very fishy to me and illegal. .So, if you ask for Dr. Marlene Yacoob, don't be fooled. She did not retire she is just down the street. Here is the information to reach her. 	19 3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OLGElC0xAD1ULql2RbElDg	This place is a crapshoot. You might get good service or you might not. Chances are you wont. There are good nurses here and bad nurses - same goes for the doctors. It just depends on your luck of the draw I guess. .Every time I've been here I've had to wait at least 30 minutes after signing in for my name to be called. After they call your name a nurse will weigh you and take you to a little room where your blood pressure is taken and he/she asks why you came in. After you talk to the nurse for 5 minutes he/she disappears and you wait for the doctor to come. Once I waited 20 minutes before the doctor even showed up..My most recent trip coupled me with a nurse who had absolutely zero customer service skills. She was abrupt and rude and when my bf was vomiting uncontrollably into the sink that was in our room she barged in and said "if you are throwing up go to the bathroom next door" and walked away looking outwardly pissed and annoyed. I feel that of you're going to work in the medical field you should probably have something called compassion? On the upside the doctor was very nice (Dr. Antoine Mourra). He seemed genuinely concerned about the illness and gave good advice on how to get better faster..Anyway I would only recommend this place if all you need is a prescription.  Don't expect any real personalized service. It's all up to luck with this place.	3 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WWU-WW6tC2qRKygoAexrGg	Jali and Keri are great! They really care. Tj is an excellent of administrator. Not rude or condescending. Just sweet. Everyone here was good.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YMrB-E1OGH8sCd97UjOybw	Went to Dr. Stacy Chia in March for a check up. I called her regarding my results and left a message for her. She never called me back. I called again and requested that she mail my results - they were never mailed.  Needless to say, I am looking for another doctor!	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0pJbp6L-tMSJjJhFpoLVjQ	I came here as I was sicker than I had ever been, and my primary care doctor was out of town for two weeks..The wait wasnt my biggest problem, I expect to wait when I go to any medical center as a walk-in. My biggest problem is that when I was admitted into a room, I waited for another 15 minutes before a nurse walked in, swabbed my throat, and walked out..I waited another 15 minutes, a doctor (i think, he was wearing a white coat) came in and said "its not strep. heres a list of medication you can buy at the market" and walked out..My condition worsened each day, and so I finally decided to get another opinion as I couldn't afford to keep missing days of work. I was then told at this second medical center that I had an infection, and should have been prescribed antibiotics. .My condition began to improve after this (surprise!). The biggest kicker though is that Irvine Family Practice still wanted to bill me $150 (this is AFTER my insurance covered a portion of the bill). .a $150 bill for 2 minutes with a doctor and to be told to buy medicine at a market? Not including the portion my insurance paid, they seem to be billing for $4,500/hour..I suggest you go elsewhere. You'll save money, you'll get real help, and you'll feel better. Five days of work I lost, and 40 sick hours.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WLo2ZDq495BISJafHs37Wg	Not sure what people expect from a family practice medical group.  .I felt my bronchitis acting up and needed some antibiotics.  I came in on a Sunday morning about 9:30am and had my prescription in hand by 10:15am..I was going to go in Monday morning but they are open 7 days a week..For simple stuff like this, I go here.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=963L2BsW7xAdKZYbQVETJA	I was referred her by my therapist because I told her I was having anxiety induced stomach issues. She suggested Dr. Feld, unfortunately he didn't take new patients. I was lucky enough to get an appointment with Dr. Rodriguez just three days after I made my call. My appointment was at 3:45 and I didn't even get brought in till a few minutes after 4. I was seen by the nurse promptly but then had to wait in the room another 15 minutes. I didn't mind so much because I didn't have anywhere I needed to be be after. Dr. Rodriguez is nice, she takes very thorough notes. She answered all the questions I had. She ordered me some tests that same day. I forgot to mention that I hadn't eaten in almost a day so after the blood test I got woozy and almost passed out. The receptionist and the nurse were very nice and accommodating. I was so embarrassed. All in all i approved of the place the wait was the only problem I can see somebody else having with it. They got back to me with my test results promptly as well.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Uyk5Bk2-0z-axiyZesn1RA	i just called so simply ask if their office accepted HMO insurance and their VERY RUDE and NASTY receptionist TONY just hung up!!! She didn't even say no or anything. I am suffering from an ear infection & needed to find a primary care physician .Great way to represent your office	3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cMJ_nkuLfnBnoWOH5aEUDg	Went in for the first time at this practice to check up on my wrist sprain I've had for about a month. I had Doctor Paskil and after initially checking my wrist, he then answered and dealt with many questions I had afterwards about my general health and things of that nature (the nurse was very friendly too). Only took about 10-20 minutes waiting time including the paperwork I had to fill out. .Came in for an injury, left with all my questions answered, new knowledge that I have a slight allergic reaction affecting my sinus, and the name of the over-the-counter medicine that will help me with that..Great doctor, great friendly staff, I'll definitely come here again.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=awAyN-IquSqO0ODA4xAsng	My colleague got hurt and we stopped by this location. The front desk lady TJ and nurse Jollie were great! Dr. Rosebrock was fast and very thorough. Great experience under difficult circumstances.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HrRy2BNheuzWjsxaaQpVnw	The staff have no idea how to check the eligibility of patient's insurance. I do not recommend this place. They are very hostile over the phone.	1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mqo9DR_7wio1Klc1heyY2w	Great place for a quick fix! Love their later hours, short waits, and quick service when I have a sudden ailment or sickness.  All the urgent care docs are great, but dr Carmella Yacoob is my general doc for appointments because she really takes the time to listen, is patient, and calming when I'm nervous or feeling especially bad.  I've been going here for years and highly recommend it!	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0_YrpS-cX0czpX3Kp0Eqyg	The staff here at urgent care is so reliable and so preofessional, that my wife uses these people as her regular physican.   She won't even find a regular GP.   If something is wrong she heads here..I agree with Rolando.  Paperwork is minimal..Treatment is solid.Care is tremendous..Most people look at these urgent care facilities like factories, but they people here really care about your well-being.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BqlpsXSpyJ0dl9RBVDP2nw	Jali was the best nurse. She took care of me and made it fun. She ROCKS. I got in really fast. TJ took care of the paperwork very fast as well. All together a great experience. I highly recommend Irvine Walk-In Medical group. Ask for Jali, she will take great care of you.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xqo1oYgMJxc0cFDMoawYew	Had to get my daughter her vaccine done asap for her daycare so I called around and needed done right away which they took us which was aweosome. got to see the dr right away only thing I didn't like was the lady who took us back had this weird attitude about her thought I said something totally off from what I actually said that was quite disgusting and a little rude. Any way long story short my daughter has always gotten her vaccines on her thighs so I asked if she do it there and she declined my request. Which made me very upset. And to talk about the building oh my its like from the 70's super old out dated equipment which scarred me to even have my daughter get her vaccine if I was wasn't desperate I would of never got it done there but her pedestrian was closed. why 3 stars after the complaints no appointment needed and the front desk lady was super nice and helpful		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CSqWlqarr9ZZCHlpqLq6CA	I've been to different types of urgent care facilities, and this was not a great one. The reception area is shabby, and the wait times are long. That wouldn't be so bad, but I think they also have terrible office policies. I went in for foot pain, had x-rays taken and was told it was probably a sprain. The pain has lasted much longer than a sprain would, so I asked for copies of my x-rays so my regular doctor could review them. I was told that I had to come in in-person on a weekday to fill out a form to request them, and that the fee was $10 per film. The time it would cost me to take off from work plus the cost of the films is a lot more than simply getting the x-rays taken again where they have better policies for sharing medical data. This was truly a waste of time and money.	1 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=J7YJq7i5bKBJ5YAclA3zOw	Irvine Family Practice is the first place I go whenever I have a medical issue that needs care and attention. My daughter was really sick with a terrible bronchitis, and the staff there was super attentive and kind, making sure to get us seen soonafter we arrived. The doctor who we saw really took the time and really listened, rather than brushing things off and just prescribing medication in five minutes as most would do. I wouldn't consider anywhere else for a sick family member or for myself.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DMDUCnytpHr11wjO9AijvA	Dr. Baick is awesome! Best General Practitioner around these parts.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6RlcPZgmCH4Sy5dUqc8Ing	I love Dr. Phan! She takes the time to listen to any health issues I may be having and offer suggestions to improve my health. I wish all healthcare providers were like her. She really cares about her patients. Staff members are very professional.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iXT8gfXNxPGvXhYP660z8w	Very nice and makes you feel comfortable.  Answers all of your questions and genuinely seems like she cares.  Barely any wait time and great service from the staff. I feel safe and in good hands!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cQn81CNp9zw_FEIbIkfQnA	Doctor Phan is great she always takes the time to listen to me, and she actually cares.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0zvYgPKyQza2fMzv6iPMVg	Doctor is great, she's professional  and really took the time to discuss my concerns and questions.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=u_XyCHcTGcJVJJ3x7YacVg	This place is horrible. The staff is rude, the doctors wont speak to you on the phone regarding a medical concern, and they show a total lack of empathy and customer service.  The place is old, and the waiting room is dirty and uncomfortable.  The waits are really long. I severed a tendon and had blood dripping down my hand and they had me wait in the waiting room for over half and hour before they took me to the back just to have me wait for a doctor to tell me they couldnt help me and that I had to go to an emergency room or a surgeon.  I told them when I checked in that I had severed it and still nobody cared.  This place is horrible.  Also, the lead Dr for the practice shouldnt be a doctor - he is rude, unhelpful and a jerk. After years of being stuck going there, when Hoag opened their clinic in Woodbury, it was a godsend and have never been happier about not returning to this place.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xB1s3ta9iA3-tBsURQCNyA	I was Dr. Ford's patient for several years, she was nice and helpful but her office's charges were outrageous, I was charged for office visit eventhough my insurance did pay for all services charged.  The billing department was very unfriendly, and unhelpful, they did not care if the charges were absurd, insisted that it's my responsibilities to pay for the bill.... I asked to speak to Dr. Ford, but was never received a call back from her.  She doesn't care if she will loose at least 2 patients (my husband & I), beware of this office's billing practice.......		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=82lgsu7Op5Sei9_-5QkZFw	I have been a patient of this practice for 25 years, and now my children are under the loving, competent care of this group of wonderful doctors.  Dr. Mourra has the most kind demeanor, taking the time to hear my every concern- addressing each one.  He is professional, knowledgeable and delivers consistent superb medical care.  Dr. Carmela Yacoob is a devoted, gentle presence amongst her male counterparts.  Dr. Yacoob has an excellent bed side manner, and is an exceptionally gifted and talented doctor who truly knows a woman's health concerns and never makes me feel embarrassed.  The other doctors, all of whom we've had the pleasure at one time or another over the years of getting to know, are a dedicated group of caring men who put their patients first.  They are truly the best and finest doctors in Orange County.  Even though we moved to San Diego some years ago, we still make the 45 minute drive to see Dr. Yacoob, or Dr. Mourra- they are that worth it.  I am always able to get in to see them in a timely manner, and never have to wait long to see them once we check in.  I HIGHLY recommend this practice for any age group!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lbBYd4aOfuzp8BPX2DF5fQ	I had liposuction and look absolutely terrific. Amazing staff and Dr. Altman walked me through the procedure and followed up with phone calls. He gave me his cell number and was able to communicate via text..I'm looking forward to having more procedures done!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dWAVrMdmWj3tdKGjDwHn8w	Wow he is so nice!!!.It's Sat and I randomly called for prices but hung up when I got vmail. Immediately I was sent a text saying he missed my call, then he calls back ?!!.Are you serious?! How amazing!! .I can only imagine the attentive care he gives!! He thinks from a brief conversation that he may need to refer me over, but offer an email to send a photo as to not waste driving.. omg!!!.He sounds amazing, honest , nice, sincere and caring !!	5 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZOobaYjX9MtBKp-2N_bQiA	I am 68 years old and have been going to Dr. Altman for years for Botox.  When I decided it was time for a neck lift, I schedule three consultations with three different plastic surgeons, Dr. Altman being one of the consultations scheduled.  When all was said and done, I chose Dr. Altman as my surgeon and so happy that I did.  Not only does he have his own surgery center as part of his office, but there is a hotel within 1/2 a block from the surgery center for an overnight stay.  Since he wants to see his patients the day after surgery, it made it so convenient otherwise I would have had to drive from San Dimas to Irvine.  I also received a discount on the hotel room because I was a patient.  Wonderful stay because they had kitchen facilities.  .Dr. Altman is a wonderful, kind and brilliant surgeon.  He really cares about each and every patient which for me was so very comforting.  This was my first procedure on my face so I was concerned going in.  I didn't want the surgery to change my looks, but enhance what I already had.   I am so pleased to say that everything turned out perfect for me, and just what I had hoped for.  I must also complement his great staff.  Each and everyone of them go out of their way to make you feel very comfortable.  It's a great group of ladies.  Also a shout-out to Lynn, Dr. Altman's surgical nurse.  She is amazing!.I would definitely recommend Dr. Donald Altman and would encourage any person considering a plastic surgery procedure to include Dr. Altman in the consultation process.	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PAy9O3GHvgqez3xpQe83IA	Dr Altman and his staff are kind people who will take care of you above and beyond what most physicians even consider. I found him to be very honest and sincere. It's clear he wants each patient to have a good outcome and be happy with their results - not for his benefit - but always putting the patient first. I highly recommend him.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gtZQxFnWk6QCDdRQfgrPuw	I've seen Dr. Altman for breast augmentation that happened about 3 months ago and very pleased with my results. Dr. Altman's staff is very friendly and the office facility is very clean. What I like most about Dr Altman is that he's very accommodating/understanding when it comes to scheduling appointments as work days can be hectic. .The reasoning behind this is my boyfriend fell off of his bicycle about 2 weeks ago and I had reached out to Dr . Altman to see if he'd be able to see my boyfriend to remove his stitches which was a last minute request.  Dr. Altman didn't hesitate to make room for us and had us come in on a Saturday that he wasn't typically working. My boyfriend and I are very grateful for this and will continue to refer people to his office.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nrNMW4cio8UmZeBc_JS5Fw	I had my breasts done by Dr. Altman about two years ago now and I can't have enough good things to say about him and his staff!  .Firstly, hardly anyone knows that my breasts aren't my own!  I have referred two of my close friends over and they have both gotten their breast enhancements done by Dr. Altman as well because mine look so great!.Secondly, Dr. Altman took care of me post-op as if I were a friend of his, and even took calls from me in the middle of the night when I was experiencing pain and called in a prescription for me.  .If you are looking for a plastic surgeon I urge you to shop around but I can almost guarantee that you will be calling Dr. Altman in the end, just like I did.	13 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=awW51Odw6NGODkfOD0rlYA	Dr. Altman has been not only a caring doctor but a person I just love to see. His kind heart and precise surgical artwork as I like to call it is something I can't brag enough about. I have had 1 surgery with him and continually see him for minor up keep. He is so honest and when I try and ask for things I really don't need he kindly tells me no. Most doctors would just do it and take me money. I can't speak enough to his ethics as a doctor. Lynn is also someone I wish was part of my family, she is one of the kindest warmest person I have ever had the pleasure of knowing. It's almost unbelievable how amazing this office is. Jaime, Lily, and the rest of the staff are perfection. .My mom also had a surgery that required reconstruction, he took such good care of my mom I get emotional knowing how lucky we were to have him..I only take the time to write reviews for good not bad because I want anyone reading to share the same experience. If you want a doctor who cares go see Dr. Altman.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pkGAclNFml3yLhbGLgoCOw	Dr. Altman and his staff are amazing. I have seen Dr.  Altman several times over many years primarily for fillers and recently for facelift. His integrity, concern, bedside manner and skill is second to none. I love the results had no pain, no swelling, and highly recommend Dr. Altman if you are considering this or any procedure. I have never written a "yelp" endorsement but use it and feel compelled to share 5 star rating about a 10 star doctor.	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=I8XiAT6tETSCopzSgmAbig	An excellent doctor and staff.  He understood my needs and did an amazing job!.I now look at least 10 years younger if not more!  People could not believe the transformation!  I am so happy that I read all his reviews and chose him to be my doctor.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=501fKdtLYOEHQ1Fni1I02A	I love this office, professional , kind, attentive, excellent care! Dr Altman is a doll, very through and I must say funny! His nurse Lynn, is so nice and good and what she does, they both make you feel so at ease. I don't think you can find a more conscientious doctor out there, and I consider myself to be VERY particular about where I go! This is a place you can trust, from your first phone call to your last visit, top notch care!!!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-TGhXdopVNSqUcPw08FUXQ	Dr. Altman and staff were amazing! I had a tummy tuck done and feel 100% satisfied.  His staff made me feel welcomed. He never lied or made me feel iffy about the money or the procedures.  Dr. Altman never left my side throughout the whole procedure, even giving me his personal cell..He called every night a week after my surgery to check in.  My stomach looks phenomenal and my self esteem has sky rocketed.  I love going shopping and I am in love with my curvy waistline even more.  Dr. Altman gave me a second chance at looking great.  I would highly recommend him and his wonderful staff for any cosmetic procedure.  Thank you so much!!!!!	8 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8LmX92aavOhU_s_ch1rqBA	Updated!.I am not sure where to begin to write this review..I called Dr. Altman's office at 5 PM on a Friday. My physician told me I needed to get a mole removed ASAP and I was leaving on a long trip. My physician also left on vacation. Dr. Altman was recommended by my physician but I figured the chance of getting in on Friday or on weekends was about zero. .The nurse asked me a lot of information, and I wish I could remember her name. She took my cell phone number and about 530 that evening the physician phoned me. I explained to him what was going on and he asked a lot of questions about the mole that was suspicious. He asked me to send him text messages of the mole so he could take a look. I did right away, and he wrote back with another photo that he needed. I sent that over as well. He said he was not overly concerned about this one, but that if there was a lot of stress related to it he would try to make it work. .He sent a text asking me to meet him at 9 AM on a Saturday morning. Yes you read that right. At 8:30 that morning we connected by text message and we met at 9:30. He had me bring a friend since the office staff was not there. .He introduced himself, took a look at the suspicious area, agreed to remove it, and a short time later it was gone and off to pathology. .Honestly, Dr. Altman may be the most caring physician I have ever met in my life. And that says a lot since one physician and I worked together in the hospital for two months while I was inpatient. It's not like plastic surgeons live to remove moles that primary care doctors deem suspicious. .I will be returning here for other work. And will hopefully breathe a sigh of relief when pathology report comes back this week. I don't feel anxious that Dr. Altman will forget about my results like you would with some doctors. .There are not enough stars to give this physician and their office. I feel blessed to have gotten to know this physician and to finally find someone in the area to get other things done who cares about patients as people. .Thank you Dr. Altman!.**update to my review .Since the prior review, mole removal and injectables, I had a surgical procedure with Dr Altman as well. I had been thinking about it for a couple of years and finally decided to go for it..Here are the pros:.The expertise .Doc's eye for perfection.Absolutely exceptional care from pre-op to many weeks later.A truly caring physician who is as concerned with your general and physical (even unrelated to surgery) wellbeing as he is with your procedure related wellbeing .A physician who makes house calls and brings you soup and protein shakes - who does that?! .Someone with a great sense of humor .Terrific nurse who is there with you during surgery and for follow ups.Truly professional and courteous, kind front office and scheduling team.Reasonable fees.Absolutely fantastic anesthesiologist .Expert with many years of experience.Perfect ambulatory surgical facility right next to Hoag Irvine .A team approach if you have questions or concerns.A physician who cares for your mental health and anxieties / worries in addition to your physical health.Nearly invisible incisions just a few weeks post op .Fantastic outcomes and results.A doc who listens to your goals and uses expert eye to make decisions - this is what you're looking for yes? Someone who you trust to use their judgment!.No pressure even when it takes you literally years to decide..Convenient location .I know I am missing more..The cons:.Zip. Zero. Cannot think of one..Very very happy "health patient" and cosmetic patient, and now surgical patient. Thanks Doc and team!	17 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8iibXVsSrxxaEz-hh-EhIw	Dr. Altman is one of the best plastic surgeons in Southern California! I have seen him several times over the past ten years for different procedures and have been happy with his work every time! He has an excellent bedside manner and takes the time to discuss issues and answer my many questions. He is very knowledgeable and "conservative" in his style, so that you always come out looking natural. Your health is always his primary concern! His staff is also friendly and knowledgeable and the RN Lynn is the best!  They have a good sense of humor and you can relax and be comfortable when in their office suites. You can feel secure knowing you are getting the best possible treatment out there and will come out looking fabulous!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WVyFCeXTKUPfVb_W30xfGg	He is a very kind, compassionate and generous doctor.  I came in for a nasal obstruction consult.  And though he couldn't help me in this area he was nice enough to discuss different options with me and even gave me some referrals.  What a nice doctor.  His specialty is cosmetic and I almost wish I had some cosmetic issues for him to fix.  LOL.  Seriously, there're many plastics out there.  If you want to be treated professionally this is the MD to talk to.  When my mother is ready for some cosmetic work I will come to Dr Altman.  Thank to sir and your staff for taking the time to see my case.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_dmwrzrEf9xH_UAd4OpT-Q	I have NEVER met a more caring doctor or staff. Dr. Altman checked up on me several times and made himself available to me at all hours of the day to give him updates on my current status. I would 100% refer him to any friends and will definitely go back to him in the future.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sGXrx5aB2BvLRBda1b6-sQ	i received a certificate for botox in a silent auction gift basket, i go to an ocular surgeon for botox so was inclined to give it away until i read the yelp reviews and decided to try. he is everything everyone says he is and more. his staff, gail, jamie, so sweet.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Agbv8YDkOE7V_ZfJseLVOA	5 glowing red stars, and if I could give this office more I would. .Dr. Altman and Dr. Lawton are some of Orange County's leading plastic surgeons. Dr. Altman is not only an outstanding doctor but his bedside manner is hand's down the greatest I have ever experienced in any field of medicine. Irvine Plastic Surgery Center's office does plastic surgery, reconstructive surgery, and aesthetician services. The staff there, both the surgical and administrative staff are some of the nicest people I have come across. For any of those interested in plastic surgery or aesthetician services, including permanent makeup I highly recommend this place and have the references to back them up.	16 1 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rFdRapT-dFfd-EEUBl1bkA	This place is awesome.  Dr. Altman and Lynne are so nice and accommodating.  I just had a cyst removed so nothing crazy, but it was done very timely and they couldn't have been more helpful.  Thanks guys!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mvrOc5R2_t4ufCGBuTYc8g	Unbelievable Doctor! I was bitten by a dog on my left ear. When I went to the ER in Whittier, the doctor said it cannot be stitched because my ear would look deformed and that I need to see a plastic surgeon immediately for a skin graft. Doctor Altman got me in his office the same day I called and not only did he not have to give me a skin graft, he stitched my left ear perfectly in proportion with my right! My whole family was absolutely amazed and my dog didn't feel so guilty after he saw that my ear looked great!	5 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mS8v2w76Kj47hloGXJx79A	Love Hoag Urgent Care! I have always been attended to quickly by a quality team of health care professionals. I highly recommend them for those unplanned illnesses.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wZOZcGY3FLHRjgC4Ir--2g	I visited this urgent care for the first time.  The office was very clean and all the staff helped me were friendly and professional.  I made online appointment and there were almost no wait.  I used to go to the urgent care in Woodbridge but I would definitely come back here from now on.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JFSGYmF73DN_zStfM_yJmg	I was taking several garbage bags out to the trash can when I immediately felt a slashing pain on my left thumb. Something in the bag sliced my thumb. My daughter called Hoag Urgent Care Irvine for me. They said there was only one person ahead of me and to come right in. First off, it's a super clean, very .new facility with state of the art equipment. I've been there a couple times before. There's never a long wait. They have a kiosk to sign in with your info when you enter. This allows them to efficiently triage patients. I've been to many urgent care facilities, and to the ER (which can be a nightmare experience.) Hoag Urgent Care of Irvine is amazing! .Everyone from the front desk staff, to the medical assistants, to the physicians are so great! Honestly, I've never experienced a more friendly, compassionate or knowledgeable staff at an urgent care, or an Emergency Room. They handled my laceration quickly and with such gentle care. I don't think enough people are aware about this fairly new facility. I highly recommend them!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RGbhb-50HndglEsx6V2PGg	Dr Ken Iwaoka made me feel very important, despite my seemingly common flu like symptoms. Some Drs brush those cases off like its not worth their time. However, Dr. Ken showed compassion and was very thorough. He didnt rush me out of the room. He politely asked questions, did some tests. I actually didnt have flu, instead, it was acute pharyngitis. He didnt rush  the patient education part, making sure i understand what i need to do at home. The MA (i didnt get his name) was also very polite and nice.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=__0NoInkjvjBExSstL7_ww	For a somewhat busy morning, they got me in and seen quickly. The entire staff was nice and helpful. I went in for an eye injury and when I started crying and freaking out about things they let me stay and calm down. They were knowledgable and helpful. Answered all of my questions, even though they were busy. If I'm in a situation where i need quick care or my doctor is busy I will definitely come here again.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gdrKJNMpYO0yyahf2nEj_A	Facility was very nice, friendly staff, and very prompt in getting checked in and seen by a doctor.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Rgl5QLR-5Nu8U3qwVRxijw	I went there with my 85 yr old mother who thought that she had broken her toe/foot.. we got there @10:30 am, we were the only patients there, yet we waited for 45 minutes for her name to be called to see a doctor.. 1 1/2 hrs later, it ended up that she had dislocated her toe.. I was very disappointed w/the lack of service, & lack of consideration to an elderly patient- will never go to Hoag urgent care again.. I am usually a big fan of all Hoag services, but this one is definitely very poorly run	1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=s7IFFkwAKi7NjFD7MQmwRA	Always a positive, great experience here. The medical team all do their best to make you comfortable and figure out a solution to the problem. Highly recommended.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mqxE9StGVUR2iyFf7SjwLQ	If you want to have your copay wasted and being handled by grumpy nurse and inexperienced doctor, this place for you..I came in on NYE (i had high fever, shivering, sore throat and bad bad coughs for 3 days already)..They swipe my tongue and nose, they said it was negative for flu and strep throat ( i was inside the room for 90 min and being asked to go home and just manage the symptoms)..They didn't give nebu treatment or anything for my chest/coughs and just told me to get tylenol..Thats it..So I came home, and my condition worse, more shivering and coughs and pain everywhere..Today, we went to another urgent care ( not Hoag affiliated, they diagnosed me with bronchitis and gave me nebulizer treatment and antibiotic and coughs medication, after 6 hours , finally my fever went down, they were surprised how come the doctor (from this location) didn't give me anything..Avoid this place, wasting your money and your time.	7 5 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Yu6QOlyfGQPN6fDQASEntQ	I really liked this place. The front desk staff was very nice and welcoming. They were even nice to my kids. :) The nurses were happy to be there, nice and answered my questions. The doctor was nice and helpful. He ordered an US, I was able to have it done right away in the next building which is a Hoag Imaging Center. Walked back to urgent care and received the result soon after. I finally got an answer to my issue after months of seeing a GYNO, with nothing less than a "everything looks good, just drink water" answer. Thanks to Dr. Ken Iwaoka I was able to prove I am not crazy nor was I imagining the pain so and found that I need to find a new GYNO. .I am happy to have a nice, clean facility with a great staff near by.	5 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JbuCHaUi7QAkPDFe3uXeAA	Excellent Service and it was quick!!!  Clean and the staff was all very kind and respectful!!	2	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=h43kS3KKpJWX-Ae7mriojw	This would have been 5 stars except Sally was uncaring, unsympathetic, and made jokes at her patient's expense. Very unprofessional.	1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BbBk540Ah77Tfr9lpM1F_A	I would give this place a zero star if available..I came in a few days ago, feeling terrible, major sore throat, coughing up horrible green stuff, ear pain... more than just a cold..  The dr. with European accent, said you have a really bad cold, some red in the sinus, she thought she heard something in my chest... but at the end, she said its have bad cold, go home and manage symptoms with salt water, tylenol... my symptoms since then got much worse, today i went to another urgent care in Irvine on Woodbridge, dr. there said i have a bad ear infection, bronchitis, he prescribed strong antibiotics for 10 days.  He said my infection is really bad, waited too long... well thank you Hoag Urgent Irvine for "just go home and manage symptoms"... reading other reviews, someone posted same  exact situation as me... just wish I had read it before going here... I will never go back to this place and do not recommend this urgent care, ever...dr i saw extremely incompetent.. just horrible!!! you waste time, money going here...	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ETWIOnrYMeHC3gd08dYolQ	I went to this facility for the first time and was very satisfied with the medical staff, cleanliness of the facility. Most of all, it was important to be able to see a DR during the visit. Dr Iwaoka was able to identify my condition and prescribe medication accordingly and not to mention he was caring and compassionate.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-BPFHHX0la4aDFXBiAwuSg	Twice in one week, I ended up here with my boys.  The first time was with my youngest.. he had flu symptoms.. was quickly tested and diagnosed all within an hour on a Sunday.  It's great that they open earlier than other urgent care places.  Second visit, my oldest son fell off his bike while riding to school.  We thought he had a sprained wrist, turned out to be a broken wrist! The nurses and NP's were caring and thorough with both of my sons. The radiologist was great too! I highly recommend this urgent care and will be back, though I hope it wont be any day soon.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jp82oMCg3dK-Sh3Huxf2Rg	I am absolutely amazed by their outstanding care-I only waited 10min before I was taken back to the room to be seen by Dr. Khoa Nguyen for abdominal pain. He was able to give me his suspected prognosis (gallbladder removal due to recurrence and increase of pain) and proceeded to order blood work and abdominal ultrasound on STAT. This is extremely helpful for me as I have not accrued sufficient sick time to take off during the work day to schedule an appointment with my PCP (who is only in two days a week) and then wait for the imaging, blood work, and referral to a surgeon. He is always willing to print out copies of radiology reports from other Hoag facilities for me to have for documentation and he truly takes my comfort into consideration when prescribing medication. Medical assistant Cindy Cregg and receptionist Felicia are so sweet as well. Furthermore, if you want fast and exceptional care by friendly and compassionate providers, choose Hoag Irvine.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NLeaiHzriVbRxhH8frPDPg	Very thorough. Kind, competent staff. We only had to wait 7 or 8 minutes.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VJRA1A0oM7GPC2lOo5XX8w	We've been to this UC 3 times and saw Dr. Zeltser all 3 times. She is awesome! She is caring, direct, and took time to answer all of our questions. I took my son in yesterday for a possible broken thumb and she remembered him from a visit last year! Harvey, X-Ray Tech, was outstanding as usual. He made my son feel comfortable was shooting his X-rays and putting a splint on. This will for sure be our go to UC. All 3 visits took less than 1 hour is is FAST for an UC! Coming from an administrator in Healthcare, take it from me this place deserves more than 5 stars.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_PrucEyqyXrXJZpmNW2cXQ	NOBODY SHOULD GO TO THIS PLACE.This is not a health clinic. This is a business place that rips you off. They only care about your money and don't hesitate to lie..My wife and I went there to have a regular TBT test. We asked for a quote and they told us it is $46.00 everything included. We took the test, got the results and paid our bill. Asked a second time that "is that all our bill" and they confirmed it. Then we left the facility. 2 weeks later we received an other bill for $49.00. I went there and explained them that I shouldn't have any other payments, because I paid what they asked from me and quoted to me in full. Then their manager took me inside to show me something. There was a little paper (about the size of my fist) hanging on their wall in the corner of nowhere (that I did not pass in front of it before), and it states there will be 2 charges for X-Rays. I explained the manager they quoted me only $46.00 and this is not ethical to ask for more, but she didn't care. So apparently it doesn't matter what price they quote to you for a test, they can charge you whatever they want if they put up a stupid sign on a wall that you don't see. Again apparently I need to walk all the facility and look for signs and signals to understand my final bill. They were doing this on purpose. It doesn't matter what they quote you or what they tell you. They are big liars. You should definitely AVOID this facility. I am glad they only charged $49.00 extra, it might be hundreds..NOBODY SHOULD GO TO THIS PLACE	2 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w3AonjgOnHB4bWULN3fqpw	half of me didnt want to leave an awesome review of this place because i wanted the place to myself! anyhoooo this place deserves a five star recognization! awesome staff. they r super sweet. friendly. welcoming. sure did make my visit smooth one! highly recommend this place to everybody!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Nla-cJ8AIkeyCBvB9Nt8LQ	Dr. Sanaei and her nurse, Veronica, are so warm and welcoming it is amazing. I am a new mom with lots of questions. The incredible people at this office have put my mind at ease and have never once made me feel silly for asking a question about my daughter. They are also very gentler with her. They seem to truly care not only about her, but about my husband and me also. I am so happy and lucky to have found this office!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WV7Wf0YecBGQizM-HXYW1Q	This center is great- clean, professional and friendly. Daniel and Alma are super nice and helpful. Dr. Rouhani is one of the best doctors i have ever had. He is so kind, understanding and patient. During my first visit, he spent longer time to get to know me and to understand my condition and he went out of his way to help me with the referral doctor. .Steven Calderon, the patient healthcare advocate, spent his lunch time educating me on the Health Insurance matters and sharing with me his knowledge and insight. .I am so grateful to have found Friends of Family Health Center in Tustin!.Darcy		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4npVG216UP8kENx1gAEexg	This is an update:  Shortly after my review I had to move away to Northern California (boo hoo I miss Tustin!!)  So unfortunately I can't provide more feedback regarding the Dr's.  I do just wanna reiterate that I all ready know I'm going to miss this gem of a clinic. :(  I'm jealous you are able to go! lol	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=N6CsC5yv0IlAZ0OblaZ4Sw	Very clean clinic and wonderful staff. They take care of you very and tell you everything in detail. Doctors are very nice and kind. Very professional health clinic .	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iJC1n7WMccgEEMihPFbWlQ	The staff and doctor I encountered at this clinic were all very friendly! The Patient Healthcare Advocate, Steven Calderon, is extremely knowledgeable and very patient. He helped me clear up some medical insurance issues. He really went above and beyond and helps make navigating the healthcare system less overwhelming!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=utQUJTQP0J7zo7NKePGprA	Daniel called us the day before to remind us of our appt (which was really helpful for this forgetful mom). As soon as we arrived Daniel was there to greet us and was so helpful the entire process. We were taken back to a room by Vero almost immediately. Vero was sooo patient with my babies (I have three kids under 4). Vero really has a way with kids and is so gentle and caring. We met with Dr. Sanaei and where do i begin! She is one of the best doctors i have ever met. My kids were screaming and throwing fits and Dr. Sanaei wasn't fazed she thought it was cute and understood why they were so scared. I loved how Dr. Sanaei sat down with my husband and I and explained what vaccines the kids were getting and asked what concerns we had. She genuinely cared about my babies and didnt just push us out the door. Dr. Sanaei is AMAZING, she really is a true gem. I have never had so much fun at the doctors. Dr. Sanaei had my husband and I laughing the entire time. I would definitely be returning.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BWcIcVXbJwnlHVH6yuvGlA	I'd like to express my sincere thanks to Steve Calderon, CEC for his assistance with my Covered CA issues.  It's nice to have someone you can turn to when you have issues like mine who is very knowledgeable,  thorough and professional as well.  Excellent service!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HifEPUUHWHDxpkisubmahA	Very friendly and relaxing atmosphere. Steven was so helpful with insurance information and how to pick and choose networks. I would highly recommend this clinic to anyone who is looking for tension free medical care	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zly--jtV_OHDGvSCg41V1A	Steven Calderon has been extremely helpful throughout my Covered California enrollment process.  It was suppose to be a very confusing process, but with Steven, it has been a breeze.  I would definitely recommend friends and family to come consult with Steven!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=B15GZPenLwCmDGwy6JznjQ	Such friendly and amazing staff! Dr. Sanaei is the best pediatrician I've come across she's loving, caring, genuine, and really cares about your child. The first time I met her was when my son hurt his foot and was limping she sent him to CHOC hospital for ex rays and did a follow up call the next day to see how it went and how my son was doing. When do you ever get a personal phone call from your doctor usually they have there nurse call. When you have a question and if she doesn't answer the phone she will personally call you back to answer your questions. I feel right at home here with the friends of family staff. Dr. Sanaei's nurse Veronica is great, she's gentle and friendly. Thank you all so much. I totally recommend friends of family Tustin	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=THh329UrvDckBnLuGF9JEA	Extremely smart doctor. Very nice and takes his time. I would highly recommend him. Thank you for everything Doc.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jYapJ8EM-8Hnb6w5TwVZlw	First, I would like to say to Dr. Altman, YOU COULD NOT POSSIBLY RETIRE any time soon! .Just look at all of the reviews he receives on the daily! Both online and in person! .I first met Dr. Altman while I was working in the same building where his office and surgery center is located. He always had a pleasant smile and always took the time to say hi and how are you even before I became a patient. That is not something you would expect to hear from a very busy doctor, especially a plastic surgeon.  I had a previous mini tummy tuck with him a few years ago and the experience from consultation to post op visits were always A+++ 10/10 !!! He had to insert a drain and since I was supposed to return the next day to his office for him to remove that drain, he instead came to my house with his nurse and removed it there! WHO DOES THAT!?!? .Dr. Altman has the greatest sense of humor and does not bore you one bit with all the medical lingo, but still keeps it at a professional level. And I think that sense of humor pays off when you might be nervous. You can say a lot about a doctor whose staff has been with him for many, many years! He treats them all so well and I have overheard him even joking around with them. Even my boyfriend who is in the medical industry and meets with tons of doctors has said that Dr. Altman outshines and stands out with his personality and the way he treats each of his patients with such care. My boyfriend trusts Dr. Altman more than my previous PS and that says a lot!  .So now, 2015 I returned to Dr. Altman for a remove and replace of my saline implants to silicone implants.  He answered emails before my consultation and in between then and my surgery date. Again, he took the time to consult with me and listen to what my desire is. Even with him being conservative, I believe he is like that for a very good reason which is he puts his patient's health and any risks first. You just have to trust in him and what he recommends and you will not be disappointed. One of the most important things you should look for when consulting with doctors is, making sure that the doctor is really listening and paying attention to you. I have never felt rushed at any of my appointments with Dr. Altman.	11 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MRfZ3hTMRSfmLVBKv54jIw	I've only had a consultation with the doctor, but I had to write about how great it was. He made me feel so comfortable. He's friendly, attentive, he takes his time, and he's extremely responsive. I emailed him a few times prior to coming in and he replied fast. His staff is also very courteous. The office is clean, modern, and welcoming. I'm really excited to schedule my procedure and will update my review afterward. .A tip about getting to the office, it's in the tall building on the corner of Sand Canyon and Alton. You take the elevator to the 9th floor. Get off. Then take a second elevator to the 10th floor. Park where you can see the main entrance, because I parked around back and had to walk all the way around, thinking there'd be doors on all sides.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JD3HHumOL5aJa_Ocq2B4rA	This man is MAGICAL. He has a great personality and is just so kind. He explains everything perfectly, withholds no information and is just amazing at what he does. I recommend him over about 6 other spas and doctors in the OC area. You are a person, not a dollar sign and he is so very meticulous about his work. Staff is very friendly, as well! Please don't retire - I feel like I just struck gold by finding you :)	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JDZXpik7r-sGSEwQRYnFfw	I just saw Dr. Altman yesterday for the first time to have a bump on my chest examined and have a few moles biopsied. I arrived a little early to fill out paperwork and ended being seen right on time, which is such a rarity these days. Everything went smoothly and the procedures were painless..Dr. Altman and his staff are friendly, funny, and most importantly, they do a great job.  I will definitely be returning for any future needs as well as recommended friends and family.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f6wZNDAmPDmByOTF7nPJ9g	After multiple consultations for breast augmentation all over Orange County and even one in LA, this one hit me like a big yellow school bus! I was pretty picky in my selection process and also on a budget. I was only going to choose someone that I trusted with my life, that would give me a natural outcome, and didn't look at look at me like a dollar sign..  I found Dr. Altman through Yelp and read so many great reviews, I thought "Why not?". I scheduled a complimentary consultation with him and was very pleased with his humbleness, surgical expertise, visual references, and step by step patient care which exceeded the extent of care that any other surgeon had expressed. I have a small figure and his assessment of me was the most realistic in accordance with my fame. I was introduced to all of the staff and given a tour of the surgical room. I left with a clear conscience of my surgical options and exactly how I would be treated; comfortably. .  After the consult, I kept my options open and proceeded with additional consultations elsewhere but the bar had been set by Dr. Altman and it I had soon come to realize that nobody could surpass it. .  I decided on silicone implants and booked my surgery in August 2015. I was given more pre surgery and post surgery guidance and support than I could ask for! In the weeks preceding surgery, if I ever had question or concern, he was quick to reply via email! The staff is the sweetest and most hospitable staff I have ever come to know. They really treat you like family here..  Coming home from surgery, I had my pain medication and was looking forward to 7 days of R&R. Soon after taking my pain meds, it proved to be too potent for my sensitive stomach so Dr. Altman took the initiative of making a house call to check on me. I switched medications but was completely fine. I don't know any doctor that would go out of their way outside of business hours during dinner time to come check on a patient. It's unheard of! Thank you, again Dr. Altman :) You are too sweet..  I am ecstatic with my outcome! I have received so much positive feedback. I am equally proportioned and the scarring is minimal. With the amount of care, communication, and natural outcomes that come from the Irvine Plastic Surgery Center, I can say that I am definitely a customer for life!	12	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ER_yjTaobn45Vj0GbmS0kg	After several years of having Botox, I finally plucked up the courage to have a face lift at 55. At first, I was scared as I tend to bruise, but Dr. Altman and his wonderful nurse, Lynne, explained everything about the procedure and that it was not the "big scary" procedure that I feared,.I wanted to look natural and not like some of those fake-looking women I've seen, where you think, "She's had way too much plastic surgery." .Dr. Altman truly cares about you and a trust develops between him and his patient. This is so important when you are having a procedure done..Everything was clearly explained to me beforehand, and all my questions were answered, including the anesthesia and how I would feel after the surgery..One amazing thing happened. Dr. Altman called me the night before my surgery to make sure I was alright and not nervous. He also said I could call him anytime, if I had any problems. I've never had a surgeon call me before a procedure to check that I'm OK, the night before..The surgery went smoothly and I was so surprised to see how quickly I recovered and how little bruising I had. .I trust Dr. Altman and his staff, and feel like I'm part of his family when I show up. .His office makes you feel like you belong.	8	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sqEUTidcb2EQZcA6ejaEuQ	18 years ago, I selected Dr. Altman for breast augmentation because several other aerobic instructors I worked with were thrilled with his results. He was the only Dr. who asked if I'd discussed this with my parents (still lived at home then).  He genuinely wanted me to be well informed about the risks as well as the overall expectations for breast augmentation.  .After surgery he still checked on me frequently. I even had a phone call from him reminding me to stay out of the gym! Another aerobics instructor/patient mentioned how good my breasts looked when she saw me on the treadmill 3 weeks post op.  Dr. Altman wanted to make sure I healed fully..Honestly (I'm not bragging here:) I've been told they are flawless by every medical professional who's seen my bare chest. They are symmetrically perfect with such tiny incision scars camouflaged by my areola. I wonder how hard that must be to create such precise curved incisions but Dr. Altman nailed it.  .I've personally referred 4 other close friends  who are very happy too. It's been almost 19 years and I still LOVE the results!	11 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CN06vAKzbNZvtAWqpBzmfA	Had the pleasure of using the services that Dr. Altman provides. He is one of the kindest, most caring people I know. As a doctor he holds himself with the upmost highest integrity. He respects his patients and his staff. His work is flawless, he has an exceptional eye for the aesthetic and will not rest until the customer is satisfied. Thank you Dr. Altman, for always treating me with respect and dignity and for the fabulous results. Many blessings to you in the New Year!!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bIzpLa1KK9ZmmFCbi0s96A	Hands down the best plastic surgeon and in general the best Dr I've ever met. It's a lot say the best Dr, let me tell you why. Of course the credentials and experience are the top boxes on a list to check off when it comes to picking your plastic surgeon but it's who he is that makes the difference. I got breast augmentation from Dr. Altman in 2011. I'm extremely pleased with the results and the reason I recommend him to anyone who is looking for a plastic surgeon is because he is so humble, sweet, welcoming, and available no MATTER WHAT!! And here is a prime example: I remember I had a bad reaction to one of the pain meds that were prescribed to me. I never forget it was FATHERS DAY and he was with his family I texted him and told him what the issue was, he DROVE to the 24/7 CVS dropped off a prescription for a alternative for me to pick up at 10pm. Yes he gives his cell phone to his patients. I mean that's unheard of.. Majority, if not all doctors are done once the procedure is done and they just have their staff assist you. The bad part is because of how much he spoils his patients, they will never be happy elsewhere. Him and his staff are beyond amazing!!  THANKS DR. ALTMAN!!.Update:.Thank you for coming in on a Saturday to take stitches out of my head! Can't thank you enough .And yes you are by far my favorite doctor because it isn't just your experience and who you are in your field, it's your humbleness and your kindness that is unmatched and sets you apart from ANYONE! :)	13 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vNutI96HbdbcSVfT612pvg	Dr Altman is absolutely the best!!!  My consultation lasted almost 3 hours because he was so thorough & listened to all of my wants & questions & concerns.   I am beyond happy with my results, & he was super in touch in the hours and days after my surgery to make sure my recovery was as easy as possible.  He has a full team of super competent & friendly people, & everything felt seamlessly easy.  He is also just a genuinely very nice man.  The last thing I remember before falling asleep for surgery is him holding my hand and assuring me that everything was going to be ok.  I would highly recommend him to everyone.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gNZUmiUvnL8vkMS8QCXsmA	I had a consultation with him and had a wonderful experience. He is very personable and made me feel comfortable. He's so caring and took his time answering all of my questions and concerns.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xAqthvzpE05I24Il7c-g-g	Best consult EVER! I was nervous about scheduling surgery and he put all my worries to rest. Dr. Altman and his staff are so amazing. I felt like we'd all been friends for years! Two thumbs up and a glowing recommendation here! Can't wait for surgery now!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DfOp7YAw1jXJaCPA0ErBBQ	I have been a patient of Dr. Altman for close to 19 years.  Dr. Altman's professionalism, expertise and conservative approach to medicine - combined with his kind, empathic and humorous bedside manner - make for a winning combination.  Everyone knows how intimidating and anxiety-provoking medical experiences/procedures can be.  I can assure you, Dr. Altman and his staff will have you feeling confident and comfortable from the very beginning of your experience to the very end.  Like many women who find themselves on the journey to look on the outside as good as they feel on the inside; forming a strong, trusting and lasting relationship with your plastic surgeon (and the staff), is such a gift.  Thank you to Dr. Altman and the staff for making my journey so enjoyable!	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=W99fzfyPCNi0P9xSl2r4bw	If you want something done and done right in the plastic surgery world, I totally would recommend Dr Altman.  I'm into my second day after facial surgery.  I have no bruising, swelling or discomfort.  Dr Altman gave me pain pills to help if I had pain, but I did not have to use them. I know that everyone responds differently but I am more then pleased to only have a little bit of soreness and itching, from the stitches, around my ears. I was able to take a shower and wash my hair the second day and if it weren't for the small stitches showing I'd be comfortable going out in public.  You can also be guaranteed that you will not look like you've been in a wind machine as the result is totally natural.  I will add more down the line when the stitches are removed and I can tell exactly what is what. So far it's great!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3gJ2QknAmKouxzKcfGoKLg	From start to finish my experience with Dr. Altman was wonderful. It was different than other doctors in that I truly felt as if he was also interested in me as a patient as much as I was in him as a doctor. His office staff are kind, patient, helpful and knowledgeable. He was thorough, professional, humorous and informative. He was patient and answered all of our questions without making us feel rushed. My procedure was both medical and cosmetic and he tackled both with great care. I am more than pleased with my results and my whole experience with Dr. Altman and his staff. I would highly recommend him!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YslR3U1iwphOFYqvwSZ4cQ	What can I say about Dr. Altman.  He is the best doctor I have ever met in my life.  He is so sweet, kind, funny, caring, thoughtful...basically he is amazing.  .I was looking around for different plastic surgeons and came upon Dr. Altman through yelp.  I read his reviews are were amazed by how nice everyone said he was.  I mean common we have all had doctors and is "nice, honest, amazing, sincere, caring" what comes into your head when you think about any experience you've had at a doctor's office? I went into his website and loved his work so I decided to email them to see when I can make an appointment and I received an email almost instantly and it was from Dr. Altman himself.  He told me he was on vacation and wouldn't be in until the next week, he then asked me what I was looking to do and I replied and he instantly replied again and answered my questions.  He told me that he would love to speak to me in person and that I can call the office and make an appointment.  I called the next week and made an appointment and I went in yesterday for a consultation.  I came in about 15 minutes early and was greeted by a few women who were up at the front desk.  One was a nurse, Hannah, who was very helpful and nice.  Another woman who was the receptionist was very kind and sweet.  The last woman who I met at the end of my consultation talked about finances and she was so helpful and understanding as well.  Overall, EVERYONE WAS VERY NICE it's such a surprising relief to know that you can feel so welcomed at a doctor's office.  Around 11:25 Dr. Altman came out to say hello and said that he would come get me in a few minutes. At exactly 11:30 (my appointment time) Dr. Altman took me back and gave a little tour...he showed me where he does the surgery and the took me and my mom into one of the rooms.  Dr. Altman spoke a little bit about himself, where he went to school, where he is from, how many surgeries he has done in the last 30 years,  he was so easy to talk to. I can see why he has a perfect score on yelp.  I had some questions and he was very helpful and answered everything truthfully.  At the end I decided not to have the procedure at the moment, but when I want it in the future I will definitely come back to Dr. Altman.  .I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Altman to anyone who is looking for an amazing plastic surgeon.  He will definitely make you feel comfortable and will answer all your questions in a timely manner.  He won't make you feel rushed and he will even give you his personal cell phone number so you can call or text if you forgot a question during your consultation.	14 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KAVl5LA3mUpV-_tDydPdww	This is my first Yelp review so this shows you that I am happy with his work, Dr. Altman is as good as it gets! My wife Lilly got a Breast augmentation here in Nov and I have to say he does some great work! First he is the type of doctor that cares about his patients, this is why my wife wanted to go with him over other Doctors she meet with. His "bedside manner" is like no other, he is the type of doctor that you can feel at ease with because you have no doubt that he knows what he is doing.  His office is kept very clean and his staff are super helpful and professional.  He has the personality of someone you can go grab a beer with after a long day's work, joke with and relax. .Ok, so the day of the surgery Dr. Altman walked us step by step again on what to expect before, during and after the surgery, the what to do and NOT do during the recovery and how to make the best of it. After the surgery my wife had the obvious pain, he recommended we stay the night in Irvine and there is a great hotel next to his office (which I would recommend). At around 830 pm Dr. Altman called and asked if he could make a house call to check up on Lilly to ensure that she is ok and even asked if I had eaten and if not wanted anything for dinner. If this does not show you the care he has for his patients, I do not know what will. The next morning we went to his office for a quick checkup to make sure everything was "kosher" and it was, the results of his work is phenomenal. My wife has the confidence she was desiring and I love the way they look ;-). They have that real feeling and look to them that she was seeking. So in closing if you are looking to get a breast augmentation conducted and you have not made your decision check Dr. Altman out! You will not regret it! Raul.	10	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nOjaJi7qhXbXPBMbdXD06g	5+ stars!! This is, by far, the best experience I've had with a doctor since I moved to California. Both Dr. Altman and his staff go out of their way to ensure that you feel cared for, not just as a patient, but as a human being. .Last month, I contacted Dr. Altman because I was concerned about a small cyst on my forehead. He was super nice and asked me to email him a picture of it, so that he could better assess the problem before I had to drive down to his office.  .Once I went in, the procedure was very simple and quick. Nonetheless, Dr. Altman listened patiently and answered all my questions. As they were removing the cyst, the two nurses (I wish I could remember their names!) were keeping me company, trying to make me laugh to ease any stress or anxiety -- which, God knows, I WAS feeling quite a bit of.....They ended up sending the cyst to pathology, to make sure it was benign. Within a day or so, Dr. Altman emailed me personally to let me know that the results were back and I had nothing to worry about. A few days later, I went to have the stitches removed, and once again, he was his usual attentive and empathetic self. .My procedure was very small, but Dr. Altman is definitely the kind of plastic surgeon I would trust with any other major surgeries. Seriously, if you're looking for someone professional and knowledgeable, who also makes you feel deeply cared for, he's your man :)	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oZnbBEGGRA2BEPB7-6ksEA	My son got into an accident at school this afternoon. He ran into a pole and split his forehead open. At first we took him into a walk in clinic in Irvine. However the on-staff clinician suggested for us to find a plastic surgeon to suture the wound instead. .I was told that I only had 12-16 hours to get the wound properly sutured. Being that it was already 4:45pm, I knew I had to get on the phone to find an available surgeon to tend to him asap. I was lucky enough to get a hold of Dr. Altman before he closed at 5pm. .Dr. Altman was not able to treat us at his office because all of his staff members had already gone home for the day. But he generously offered to meet us after hours at Hoag ER to treat him there. .Dr. Altman has great bed-side manner, my son was very comfortable with him. Dr. Altman is a genuine, patient and kind-hearted doctor. .I would definitely recommend reaching out to Dr. Altman if you are looking for great plastic surgeon.	8 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0g1y-no0FlSPM6sxwlZpSQ	I was hesitant to go here because of the reviews but the professionals at this urgent care literally saved my life. Within minutes of seeing the nurse, Dr. Zeltser came in and assessed me. She told me I needed to go to the hospital immediately based on my odd symptoms (low blood pressure, tanned skin) and clinical presentation. She also caught a symptom of a rare undiagnosed disease I had which, had she sent me home, could have killed me. Her quick and accurate diagnosis helped the ER doctors more quickly identify my condition.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=32_J-W-4rNrDap9JNFCmog	Dr Iwaoka, Harvey, and another nice young lady (wish I remembered her name) treated my son with excellent care. My son was far better off after he left. He went in with a cough, his airways restricted and not feeling well at all. He was accurately diagnosed, and treatments were on point. My son felt so great and comfortable with the staff. He left laughing and breathing clearly. The staff had an excellent bed side manner with my son. I'll definitely be back if necessary.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Q0pWuc19hH0U_6QXVSuZVA	I'd give 10 stars if I could just to balance out any low ratings. First of all this place is as nice and as clean as it can get. Angie, at the front desk was extremely helpful and informative. Second,  I was seen within 10 minutes. Doctor Iwaoka was as very professional and thorough.  Harvey, the x-ray tech. cautious and concerned about my pain as he did the xrays.  I had three broken ribs. And as for the other yelper's complaints about pricing. I was charged $159. That included the doctor visit, xrays of my lower back, chest and a blood in the urine test. I did receive a "cash" discount. All In All, I couldn't have had a better experience other than the broken ribs. I highly recommend this facility.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FSlSAnIrlTBDA3pl6Fa6Eg	Horrible place. Don't go there! Unfriendly nurses and inexperience doctor. I was vomiting and shortness of breath when I got there. First , they made sure I have a good insurance, after that they admitted me. Basically, they did nothing for me .	1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5yK-gLSWoq_1RfVN81Cz3A	First time visiting. I chose this urgent care over ones much closer to my home because online it showed a shorter wait time AND I was able to reserve an appointment time.  I'd been battling a sore throat and cold symptoms for a few days and wasn't getting better so wanted to make sure it wasn't strep. When I arrived 15 mins early, there was no one in the waiting room - no wait at all. I was immediately greeted by the front desk staff, checked in, asked to complete a very minimal amount of paperwork and maybe 2 minutes later I was called back into an exam room. The medical assistant was very nice, thorough and quick and I saw the doctor maybe one minute after the MA left. Dr. Ken was great. He did a thorough exam, strep test, and though it came back negative, there were enough symptoms to indicate an infection so he sent me home with an antibiotic to help me get better. I was all set and walking out of the facility 20 minutes after my appointment time! I also have to note that as a St. Jude patient, going to their partner Hoag's urgent care is seamless in that all my records were easily accessed via their connected system. They had my medical history, everything they needed to know right there. The facility is very new, very clean, and the office staff is very nice and friendly. The place seems to be very efficiently run. I would definitely come here again if I needed urgent care and I'd recommend it to friends and family.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XkATg2VOUOPFhGwKWgYX2Q	I agree completely with Amy C. My wonderful Family Practice doctor stopped practicing and I couldn't seem to find another caring, friendly, competent doctor until I met Dr. Thomas. She knew immediately what my requests were and ways to work with me to help me feel better. I am so happy I found her. She was interested in what I was telling her and she knew immediately some solutions to help and other treatments to try. We talked and even laughed. Such a change from doctors who are rushing you out the door. She has a great, competent staff also. I'm sure everyone will be pleased if they choose Dr. Thomas to be their doctor.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oDzJN9Yrt4dVi6b-ABl5Rw	Fabulous Doctor! Spends the time with patients to listen & explain. So happy I've finally found a great doctor locally I can trust!! I will be referring my friends!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=R5cVtrDGZoZ7PfaVZrTJwg	Okay So she seems nice enough and was friendly but when push comes to shove do you wonder why she works alone? I originally went in to get my thyroid medication filled fine no problem. Pay money. I called the office and asked if they could do a one time refill again no problem so  I called the office this morning no one called me back  When i called them back they said oh yeah sorry  I told them today to get into see her and sorry she's going to be gone for two weeks. I said alright but my can you at least give me enough til she gets back the receptionist says they could but then called back to say no you are SOL. No referral nothing. The doctor didn't even have the courtesy to call back. in other words sorry that you could die from not getting you're medication but you don't fit into our schedule..I suggest you go elsewhere where they have other doctors in the office to cover when they decide to go on vacation and give you no referrals to anyone it makes me wonder do no other doctors want anything to do with her?.Oh and there hours are whatever they want them to be. OUT to lunch Doctor		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vlvsO4KKiCR69SXU3Lcjkg	I'm not a fan or a frequent doctor's office visitor. From the moment I went into HB Family Medicine, I felt comfortable. The entire staff is beyond nice, patient, and do everything to make the patients feel at ease. Dr. Thomas took her time with me and explained and answered every question I had. I will definitely be coming back.... Just hopefully not too soon :)	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=27LpdIRPqgsghx_2RFAWxg	Great doctor!!! Staff is wonderful, office is new and clean. This is the best doctor I have visited in years. She spends a great deal of time with you and makes sure you are comfortable.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DdzczTp_CE3KM5IjCjGNoQ	I went to see Dr. Coyer today for my ingrown big toe nail, he is very fast and calm. He explained the procedure and assured me the worst part was the anesthetic and he is right.  I highly recommend, Dr.Coyer is a very nice doctor, if you are nervous he will make sure you are comfortable before, during and after the procedure.	6 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=110LBvVGanZZ9IkK4O3CdA	Excellent bedside manner and excellent with providing patient education. Inspires trust and confidence. 5/5 would see again.	4 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YE0L_Pke7mbzvo2W5U5pHw	Dr. Williams and his nurse, Donna, are both extremely knowledgeable and friendly. I've been a patient for many years and have definitely relied on their kindness and expertise to help me in all areas of health. Both mental and physical. Thank you both so much!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OfwTXE22LWVewC30y8ioXw	They took very good care of me no complaints very friendly staff will recommend to my friends and family members. Dr. Williams	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=AXLflG1Lj2ya5eCkyTEdow	I've read all these reviews and I don't think I can add anything better than these other people!!! He is a great doctor with a great staff and I too have been going this facility for many years!! I highly recommend Dr. Williams!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r27_iXcEhSZbc-tyfk13YA	I've been a patient at Family Care Centers for years. Absolutely love Dr. Williams, Donna, and all the staff!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=C6me-4P5EYBPoYmoabthag	I met Dr. Williams through a work colleague and he has helped me through various health issues.  He's very thorough, asked about my family history and takes his time with his diagnosis. Most importantly, he listens, which is paramount to me in a doctor/patient relationship. It's so hard finding a physician who really cares.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bMrPPqKMrwe6CRidS6mezw	Friendly staff and overall pleasant experience! I've been with this office for about 10 years now and they have always taken care of me. Dr. Williams and his staff get a A+ in my book. I would definitely recommend this office to people looking for a good/comforting primary care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=koVwplpaBdUXzTNlw1PEfg	Dr. WILLIAMS  is the Best, He has been my Doctor for 10yrs.  He takes the time to listen to you. He explains everything in detail in words you can understand, if ever I have a question I can send him an email and have a response within a couple of days, he is straightforward but in a respectful manner, His staff is awesome his aide (I forgot her name shame on me) is great always has you laughing and remembers things that you talked-about on your last visit.  YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH DR. WILLIAMS.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ol3mbm4gIxbV_r76zSKvRw	Dr. Williams gives the highest level of patient care.  Not only is he super knowledgeable, but, he is compassionate and listens to his patients.  His background in sports medicine (and as an athlete himself) allows him to also relate to patients who have sports injuries or are interested in becoming better athletes.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tZMJ1rUted2BMR6V9MTLmg	I've been a patient of Dr. Williams since he first began practicing at Family Care Center in Costa Mesa in 2004.  I have always received excellent service, and Dr. Williams and Donna always remember me.  Everybody in the office is pleasant and efficient, organized and prepared.  He is always very thorough, and gives me good recommendations for specialists (that take my insurance) when I need them.  He has also recommended me many times to physical therapy, and I have always done well.  Also, I love using NextMD (a patient-doctor communications interface) to request bloodwork/lab orders or to relate my latest health info to Dr Williams.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xeCl22S5bCt4k9ChbokKFQ	I love Dr. Williams. He seems very knowledgeable and I trust him. If I have a problem, he always seems to know the cause and have a solution. He's very responsive to emails. I've recommended him to friends who have been to the doctor over and over again for a problem without getting any resolution. He was able to address their problem in the first visit and resolve it.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=d2SWsOnETdaxW9anXzkhVw	I've been looking for a good place to get acupuncture for an old sports injury, and a friend of mine told me to speak with Dr. Dah. After showing me the key areas he needed to work on, he explained the process and answered all my questions. Within a day of being treated I had no pain! I am totally satisfied with my results and would recommend this facility to all my friends!.Thanks for the help!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qscf750IcpZvPav6tR7f6Q	I needed a chiropractor for my neck and right shoulder and had never been to one before.  At first I was a bit nervous but I found that I did not need to be with Dr. Dah. In one visit I had much relief and I could raise my arm completely without pain, which was not the case before the  visit. My dream is to go back to the gym and work out. I believe that with ongoing treatment from Dr. Dah, and some healing time,  that I will be able to weight lift again. Thanks Dr. Dah!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r6MVBRk0IPv58u0eRl4DBA	I went to see Dr Dah for my first alignment, and was a bit nervous about it.  He explained everything to me, and showed me the benefits of chiropractic medicine, and was very professional.  He straightened me out, and i felt great.  Will definitely be back!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MZ5hVYhO3PmsETsg955GyQ	Five stars isn't good enough for Dr. Dah and his staff...i wish I could give more. I have been to his office about 10 times now for acupuncture chiropractic care and massage. Dr Dah and his bedside manner are next to none. He really listens to you and explains what he is doing and the benefits of each treatment. You feel relaxed and in capable hands. Some drs make you feel as if you are on their time and try to get you out as soon as possible. Such is not the case with Dr Dah. They greet you by name when you walk in and are so flexible and accommodating with their scheduling that you feel right at home. It's almost as if you are going to see good friends for treatment instead of just another health care professional which is the way it should be. I highly recommend him and his staff. Angela, his massage therapist is very kind and makes sure that you don't leave until you're satisfied and completely relaxed. She is magical! This office is great and can't recommend them enough!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zRkVt-Z1O_9soiGoLVt5LA	Dr. Dah so clearly cares--genuinely, earnestly cares-- about the wellness and improved care of his patients. He and his assistant Bianca are beyond accommodating. I have suffered with back and neck pain for years, and finding a 'medical home' like this in Irvine is such a relief. Last minute appointments, weird pain descriptions--they can handle it, and make you feel comfortable, validated and well in the process. You will not regret forging a partnership with them for you accupuncture and chiropractic needs.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lVwKNhf1uMv1VVMq74QTcQ	I was in a fairly bad cycling accident as well my wife was in a head on collision and I was referred to Dr.Dah we both have been working with him for a little over a month and the results are major improvement in all areas my wife would always be in pain but now she's showing major improvement in mobility thanks dr.dah!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=p0JHm2RwFcLfsqYzINDHPw	I just can't say enough good things about Dr. Lee and his staff! I had a nasty spider bite that got infected and walked in on a Saturday morning. My wait was less than five minutes in the lobby. It is super clean and the staff is upbeat and professional. Once in the exam room, I waited only another five minutes for Dr. Lee. He was so professional and patient. It certainly shows that he is all about taking care of his patients and committed to making sure their experience is a pleasant one. He was able to provide me with two prescriptions that were filled right at his office! The rates were very reasonable as well! I would highly recommend Coastline Urgent Care to anyone looking for top notch service and a doctor and staff that you can tell are serious about delivering a first class experience. Thank you Dr. Lee and staff,	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xLmnLV9LWWd8ThZCmJwwhA	This place is wonderful. The staff is great, it's near Southcoast Plaza and you don't have to wait at Hoag for hours!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eYiiqdeTNqz63RHycwVNAQ	Find yourself a doctor and clinic that makes you feel better already by just being able to talk to them. Dr. Tom and her staff are simply the best. Most caring doctor and clinic I have ever encountered. The lady doctor also is very nice. She is like the lady version of Dr. Tom. Very caring and empathic. I never felt being rushed in this clinic. The staff nurses are all so pleasant. Dr. Lee must be a really nice person, it emanates thru the whole staff.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=phBfWHQoC__zUd_yyI15Jw	Dr Le was fast, efficient and amazing, and quite frankly he is the the only reason I'm giving coastline urgent care any stars at all. The reception made me feel so unwelcome, like I was a hassle for needing urgent care....at an urgent care center. She just had an overall TERRIBLE attitude and was very unsympathetic to respond to someone sobbing in pain the way that she did. Just terrible. When you work in the medical industry- you're dealing with people in pain. A little bit of kindness would go a long way. Even a "I'm sorry you're in such pain, lets process this paperwork and get you in to see the doctor" would have made a complete difference in my visit.	5	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0lJ1CclZniPlJ5FHQ5vF1A	Thank you Dr.Lee for being affordable, efficient and on point with treating my fiancé and I the last 3 times we have gone in.  You have always correctly diagnosed us and gave us proper treatment. Each time we healed immediately with your care.  Your staff is very good too. You guys are the best!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LamxSTvmvXmwQY8uW8hc8Q	I've been to a couple walk in urgent care in the area: Irvine urgent care, Newport Beach urgent care, UC Irvine health center and now Coastline..Coastline is by far the the best dr's office experience of those and I will be returning here.  I would also highly recommend Dr Le to my family and friends..The front desk staff was the only one I've met who was very transparent about potential billing charges that could occur (other three hit me with a surprise charge later, even though in person they said it would not happen).  Both the nurse and Doctor took their time to listen to every detail about the symptoms, identified potential causes and the best solutions for each.  They were very thorough yet did not force unnecessary tests..Most recently I brought my father who doesn't have insurance here who was suffering from persistent and severe cough for weeks and Dr Le cured him.  .The very affordable pricing of the appointment, prescription selection, and generous free follow up has convinced me Dr Le is the rare amazing Doctor that cares about helping patients first and foremost.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8Lf1Jap71seT1c5rotrNKw	Everyone is so professional and helpful here. I felt like they truly cared about my well being rather than another patient they need to get rid of as quickly as possible.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1VBtNreXo5hrF8ZXCkut8A	I first started seeing Dr. Le soon after he opened this Urgent Care. Like another reviewer said, wait times were short, free bottles of water, polite and professional staff, etc.  At first Dr Le seemed kind, caring and professional. .However, over the course of about a year he became sullen and shockingly mean until one day he was screaming at me over the phone over a misunderstanding with one of my prescriptions.  I was so stunned and traumatized I didn't know what to do. I eventually found a new doctor, but Dr. Le has left me even more wary and distrustful of doctors than I was before..If your looking for a long term caring relationship with a doctor you can trust you won't find it here.	5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U9F8TkhNt5B9D-JuZZW7nw	5 things I'd look for out of an urgent care:.- Accessibility. Big check, easy parking...easy to find and convenient location..- Promptness. Came on a Saturday at 11am and was in within 10 minutes and saw Dr. Le within 5 minutes of being admitted to a room..- Friendliness. Dr. Le is one awesome dude. So personable, genuine and easy going. On top of that, he's incredibly knowledgeable, but great at putting everything in layman's terms. Yessica and Adrianna are so friendly and easy to talk with..- Transparent. No hidden costs. No weirdness. No surprises. This is a great facility and it'll totally put you at ease. .- Comfort. This place is super clean but feels like being in a living room. .This place is the best facility I've been to by a landslide. Dr. Le has a great practice.	4 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sHnpvlLInVIdzLfiUn75yw	Dr Le is amazing ! I have a great GP but his office is honestly easier, faster and closer. I went originally when my son had a rash I needed to get checked out , but since then I've gone for everything from bronchitis to stomach pains for myself to colds and flus . He's easy to talk to , takes my PPO insurance , office staff is nice and wait is so short I've been in and out in less than 30 minutes before. I've waited hours at cvs minute clinic for little to no answers before I discovered him, now I can't say enough good things!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=12-LIa9QKqOB823wib4c7w	Everyone here is exceptionally kind and professional. I called several medical offices seeking a same-day appointment, and other offices were either unavailable or unprofessional. I wanted to feel like I was in capable hands for urgent medical care, and Coastline Urgent Care offered exactly that. They were able to see me within 15 minutes, I was diagnosed for $60 cash, and provided a medical prescription that helped me feel better almost immediately. I feel comforted knowing that if I ever need urgent medical care again, I know that I can go here and feel like I'll be well taken care of.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OnnCIEfsnijP_54LzQ03MQ	I don't usually write reviews but I was very impressed by this facility. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and kind, which is definitely something to be valued, especially in urgent care. I had called to ask some questions before visiting and when no one answered, I hung up and planned to just head over there. Someone at the front desk called me back within minutes of missing my call! They were very helpful and informative..When I arrived I filled out a couple forms and waited five minutes, at most. The nurse brought me back and asked a few questions before sending in the Doctor. Again waiting less than five minutes before he came in. He made me feel very comfortable and was very upfront about potential costs of the medicine he was prescribing. .I went back to the front office where I paid my bill and waited for my prescriptions. As I left they said "I hope you feel better!" Thank you Coastline Urgent Care, for being so courteous and professional. :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=y4kWLt4Oc8ou5e3hnr-KPA	OMG I've been to a few urgent cares but never one like this the staff is friendly this place is ultra clean and the doctor is amazing they are conveniently located. The other urgent care that I was going to gave me the wrong medicine which cause a greater infection coastline urgent care knew right what to do took great care of me I highly recommend this place if you go there don't forget to check in on yelp and you might get a surprise	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WtlJaZEyYjbmSRD2S8VbXw	I was super stressed trying to locate a faculty that would be best given my lack of health insurance and I am really really happy that I came here. The staff was amazing, the wait was less than 10 min after filling out the paperwork, and the quality along with the time taken to look over and care for my injured hand was superb. Xray results were quick and the overall costs were close to $100. Definitely an A+ experience. Highly recommend whether you have insurance or not.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EpX_CmSpY1NiyhxuT1mI2g	My sister had a high fever (104 degrees) and the clinic she was at was not doing anything. My mom was going to take her to Hoag Hospital, but I am so happy that I sent her to Coastline Urgent Care.  The receptionist was friendly, as was the nurse.  .Wait time:.Sister got there and was immediately given forms to fill out..She hands back the forms to receptionist.Less than 5 minutes after she was called in.Nurse immediately did the basic: weight, blood pressure, temperature, took notes... and said doctor Le will be right with you..About 5 minutes after, Dr. Tom Le came in!.He was awesome!!  He was thorough, friendly, knowledgeable, and patient with all our questions.  Also, before he gave my sister a shot, and sent out a test, he went over the cost for everything, in detail,  Asked us if cost was okay, before he went ahead with anything.  WHAT!? No hidden fees and expensive fees?!  .If any of my family or friends, or myself get sick, I will 100% send them to Coastline Urgent Care..Results:  Needs test results, but for now, she is doing much better with the shot she got. .Thank you all!!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=udKywIUTS7Xyle2OOBi-bg	Got my thumb all bandage up, got my tetanus shot, and antibiotics all within my budget. Super friendly staff and awesome Doctor.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=POypF0Wi45VerIvBgHhCWw	Dr. Le and the entire staff are great. Came here on a weekday night after 5pm and they got me right in. The office is clean and bright. I've never had a better experience at an urgent care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pzOmjOMEo0cGucy2d5Vo0g	I've been to quite a few urgent cares, I hate going to them because I always feel like it's some doctor who couldn't make it and doesn't know what they're talking about/ everyone is always rude and sad looking... Let's just say I only went to an urgent care because my mom was worried about me, and it's much cheaper than the ER..Man am I glad I found this place!!! I drove all the way down from Long Beach, and I would do it again!.I've never felt more comfortable (even though physically, I was dying in pain), or felt like a doctor was so competent as at Coastline. From the receptionist, my nurse, to Doctor Lee, each one was so nice and helpful..I'm so grateful Coastline exists and will be back for any urgent care needs. I wish I could give this place 100 stars for their service and knowledge. So so so grateful! I don't feel like I wasted my time going to get a diagnosis my mother could have given me..Please keep doing what you're doing Coastline!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FxRDKFULODYR9YC_hwrVnw	The best hands down urgent care ever. I been there 3 times and Dr is a saint . Staff is so sweet and caring . I wish more hospitals where like that. They toke care of my like i was a family member. I never had better care at a clinic. Thank you to everyone who works there.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O33Ltoyl1poXcWw6YUrGTA	I needed help and was waiting for my insurance to kick in, so I went to Coastline..I have been so used to being treated like crap by the medical community that this place took me entirely by surprise..I was seen right away.  Every single person on staff was kind and genuine and caring.  Dr. Le was great and gave me all the help I needed..The very next day, I was in a pretty bad accident on the 405, and although I was able to walk away with all my limbs intact and didn't feel the need to go to the ER in an ambulance, I did think it would be a good idea to at least be checked over, so I went right back to Dr. Le..I'm so glad I did.  He gave me help I didn't even know I needed.  He helped me to understand the impact of the accident on me and what I needed to do to recover..As I  no longer had a car and was pretty shaken up, my mother drove me.  While I was being helped, she chatted with the receptionist a bit.  When I came back 2 weeks later for follow-up (on both problem number 1 and accident related issues), the receptionist actually asked me how my mom was and said to say hello.  .I love these people..And I could afford it.  (which is saying something)	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=27Q1knvoiTzgMkM3z0kCpQ	I injured my back a few months ago, and I was with Kaiserpermanente at that time. I had gone to Kaiser multiple times do to the pain I was suffering from. I finally lost my faith in the doctors at Kaiserpermanente and decided to go to coastline Urgent Care. I saw Dr. Le and he was such a breath of fresh air. He took time to listen to me and then worked on trying to find out a solution for my back. I cried because he was the first Doctor in months to actually treat me like a patient and not a burden. He was kind, empathetic, and professional. He helped me so much during my transition from Kaiserpermanente to a different insurance group. He would call me to ask how my treatment was going and discuss the next steps for my recovery. I was very pleased with how I was treated at coastline, not only by Doctor Le, but by the staff there as well (Yessica is a sweetheart).	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KizwHAW6O3p-qy0k6MbCjA	Could have gone to an urgent care near my house with bad Yelp reviews, but chose to drive a few miles and come here since it had such great reviews. Was not disappointed! The receptionist was super friendly and efficient, and even though I was a new patient and had to fill out paperwork, the wait was not long at all. I saw a Certified Physician Assistant, Van Laurie Nguyen. She was super thorough, answered all of my questions, and explained my course of treatment. If I ever need urgent care again, I'm coming back!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QF26egh4UfBODN9Ugr84Kg	This is a late review. I am very happy with Dr. Lee. He helped me during my pregnancy's mishaps like 2 month long cough, muscle spasms and cold during my third trimester. Thank you so much for all the help. His office ladies are the nicest! The wait time is not bad at all, consider it is an urgent care. Now I have a healthy babygirl and I will be coming back!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lKGNtwt-CM6Em3_Oz-UarQ	The staff is so nice, efficient, and competent! This is best urgent care I've ever been too.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tWS_3-kzfuFc9tZR5R9Uaw	Best decision i made to try this urgent care clinic with my husband because I don't want to go back to ER last time and takes so long to wait to see a doctor. It's not really emergency. And This clinic are very friendly and hospitality. Their office are nice and clean. After to see Dr. Nguyen, she give me advice and a description right away. And for the cost is not that bad and I don't have insurance. they charged me for $60. I definitely come back here, instead to go ER. Fast service!! Thank you again.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qW6HeO1lhoUyPpnPp8B2nw	Absolutely love everything about this office! "Hands down" the best medical office i have ever walked into- and i have been working in the medical field for over 10 years... From the rexeptionist Yessica, to the M.As' in the back, to Dr. Le himself, this staff is amazing when it comes to service!!! The office ALWAYS is clean and smells great, i NEVER WAIT, and i never feel rushed! Even when im at my worst and feel horrible, this staff is patient and always a pleasure to talk to. This office has it all and never lets you down! #Clean #Customerservice #Consistant #bestmedicaloffice2018		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4n2X6lAqzToDjfMYKPYG7w	Smoothest doctor's visit ever..Came in for a sore throat around 4pm on a Friday. .Nice receptionist, quick paper work, polite and professional nursing staff took me to a room within minutes. Vitals and questions were a breeze. Saw the doctor a moment later. .The nurse tested me for strep and offered water while I waited. 5 mins later doctor came back to tell me it was neg, told me which over counter meds to take, but gave me a script for antibiotics, in case it got worse..I was very impressed with the care and efficiency of the staff. The office itself is brand new, clean, with latest equipment. .If a doctor's visit could ever be enjoyable and pleasant, this was it!	8	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3A_H-BYo8D9XaClbMbXUDw	I've been here a couple times and I can say all my experiences has been splendid. I think I prefer going here than to a primacy physician in all honesty. I was jumping doctor to doctor since I had school insurance for so long, so when I graduated I only went to urgent care if I was really sick. I stumbled upon to spot one time when I had these crazy symptoms and kept coughing literally every minute. I found out I had bronchitis and no matter what I did it never went away for a whole month. The staff and Dr. Le really treat you well and he explains everything very thoroughly. I've come back before for some more personal issues and has to call back the office to get their authorization on an e prescription and the front desk was right on it and called me back when it was done. I will continue to go here for any issues (I hope I don't have to come often!). Great great service! .Also check into Yelp and you get a free first aid kit. It has come in handy for me multiple times!!!!!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=e68oQigb5Ii9XndszlO0yg	I needed to find a new Dr. when my primary care physician moved over to Kaiser several years ago. I've been coming here for a couple of years now and I couldn't be more happy with the care I have received. Dr. Le is simply wonderful. The staff has been great as well. The facility is clean and modern. I highly recommend coming here!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7Ovo3yRLghb7VaDpBTH4fg	The best urgent care I have ever been to. Dr. Lee is the best! I came in for a UTI that I thought I had gotten rid of but it came back. I was in very fast and everyone was very nice. Dr.Lee explained everything very well to me and put me on antibiotics for 10 days. Within that time he made sure to check up on me to make sure I was doing okay. I've never had that happen. Awesome patient care!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gbCM0Js1xrXnZDkINAe1lg	This place is AMAZING. I live in Costa Mesa and was deathly ill (bronchitis) and I really wanted to go somewhere close to my house because I could barely move. All the ones by my house had iffy reviews and what looked like long wait times. I came here, saw a doctor and had prescription in hand within an hour. Everyone was SO nice. I met with the PA (forget her name!) and she was patient, kind and I could tell she truly cared..I am SO happy I found this place. Highly recommend!	6 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=arzgnar-BHsbGXfcQ3u9lg	Best service ever. I have no insurance and I left there feeling happy and helped. The employees were very professional and patient and friendly. The Dr. was the best. She was quite knowledgeable and professional. .The price to visit was quite reasonable. Only $60.00. Best $60.00 I've ever spent..I highly recommend this place to everyone.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X9BOAPCIsZ3qxzH6abaxSg	The provider who I saw is amazing. Van Nguyen is incredibly thorough and takes the time to explain things to you. She doesn't rush to get to the next patient. I'll certainly be coming back and wonder if I can use them as my primary physician.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5hy1ya7O_bKh7MnrqFRb3Q	Despite not having any insurance coverage, the consultation fee was extremely reasonable. The facility was very clean and the staff was amazing, including the Dr. .It was in and out of there quickly, which is what i wanted since I was feeling ill. I beleive my diagnosis was on point and got medication that was prescribed that was been working well. I will be contining to visit this Dr.'s office.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Uc6HcoEEAQoksMrTcX_wUw	Dr. Tom Le is the best. My wife and I have been coming here since we moved to Costa Mesa and have absolutely no complaints. The staff is kind and they get you set to see the doctor quickly. They can perform a multitude of test on the spot and get you better quick..PA Van Nguyen is also a superstar, super-knowledgeable. Both she and Dr. Le follow up with a phone call when necessary to make sure you actually are getting better. You feel more like you are in a primary setting than in an urgent care clinic..Friendly, clean, thorough and cost-effective. Highly recommended.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ObNqioTFh-qASdTR9qzcjw	Quality service. No hidden extras. Friendly doctor and staff. Affordable (even without insurance). Woke up suffering from a fever, sore throat, body aches and chills. .Went in as soon as they opened. Was seen right away. Doctor did not push any extra services. Was professional in taking my history and asking about my symptoms. Doctors offices make me nervous but she was patient and knowledgeable. Turned out I only needed to get some over the counter medication but I bought some Z pack antibiotic just in case symptoms worsened. Z pack was only $15. Would recommend this clinic to everyone!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ztjSirBpAv55wKe_c6A8AA	The lady in the front was rude to me. She made it seem like she did not want to work there. She made my first experience there unpleasant . Once I walked in everyone was nice. Once I finished and walked out the same lady checked me out and had me ready to pay in the most rudest way.	2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sDPGCWDn9I3eXcBlpr8yAw	Affordable for the non insured (a third of the price for an x-ray compared to a local urgent care)..Went in for an injury to my shoulder, it was very quick to be seen..Had an x-ray and was given an accurate diagnosis, along with treatment recommendations..Would recommend.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jjpKGRrMtFQDwdxI_1f6vw	Walked in without insurance. Staff was friendly and amazingly prompt as was the doctor!!! Thank goodness for people like them and understanding that not everyone living in the OC make millions and still receiving a respectful visit as a human being! Thank you to the staff and doctor so much!!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O4QqV-7QLpN5rd2iPGPTEw	Please save this place as your go to urgent care in case of an emergency. .I had heard about their great service but could not remember the name or address, took me a couple of hours of searching until I found them. Dr. Lee and staff are great. Wait was not too long and I found him a great listener, professional and kind! .Thank you Dr.Lee!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1ai8R-pEdp151lgboxAx2g	Dr. Le and all the staff at Coastline are awesome. Everyone is so friendly and Dr. Le is very thorough. I've been to this facility twice now and both times have been a great experience. The first time I saw Dr. Le it was after seeing several doctors who could not figure out my issue. I was so grateful that he was able to help me. I would highly recommend.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aUFgc4WuJeXs8UjOR5gjwA	After an unfortunate car accident, while vacationing across the country in California, and driving a rental car we spent a day of our vacation checking into this Urgent care and signing a retainer for a local attorney. We could not have been treated any better than we were by the staff at this facility. From receptionist to doctor, they were kind, courteous, helpful, and thorough. No wait or accusatory tones(like we are accustomed to at home). Just excellent customer service and hospitality. Thank you, Dr. Tommy Lee.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LFFXFozA_xmeXf7i3N-gew	I've been sick for a week and finally decided to go to urgent care after I thought I had a sinus infection. I called and the nice lady behind the desk said there was no wait. Rushed over and by the time I handed her the last of the paperwork Hector(believe that was his name) was ready for me. He asked a few questions took the normal temp and blood pressure and then asked if I needed water while I waited for the doctor.. I've never been asked if I needed water before at a doctor's. It was so nice. The wait was a little long but Hector came back after 5 or so minutes brought me water and explained the doctor had to quickly stitch up another patient. Less then 5 mins later Dr.Le arrived. He was very nice and professional. Listened to all my concerns. Wrote me a proscription and I was on my way. .After I made the copay payment the friendly lady (wish I got her name) behind the counter handed me this cute little chapstick with their company came on it. .The cleanliness and professionalism of this Urgent Care is unlike anything I've ever experienced. They were extremely friendly and helpful. I will definitely be back because of the staff. Thank you so much!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZOOO9pUwFhvhnxkPrtB4Uw	This place is fantastic! I've been here a few times and I normally walk right in, plus the doctor and staff are super friendly and efficient. I'm lucky to have such a place so close to my house. I highly recommend Coastline Urgent Care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t2lhPutPq2H6snsFT6jkxA	Dr Le truly cares and listens to his patients with an open heart. This relationship I believe really helps in getting a better diagnosis to improve my health, but also creates teamwork to discover issues that I didn't realize before. My husband who is VERY skeptical of doctors actually really liked him after taking me to see him. Another plus is that the staff are AWESOME, helpful and sweet! .We truly appreciate your patience, care and hard work!!! Thank you!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=q3-q9Ry36OxHiQN54Y8-rw	Dr. Le is my new favorite doctor and I strongly recommend him to anyone who is searching for a great family physician (stitches, internal medicine, flu, injuries, X-Rays, blood tests, you name it).  With todays x-rays he explained what was going on with my shoulder better than my orthopedist has and now i get it..Twenty five years ago my favorite physician moved to Mississippi, and I haven't found  one that I connected with and really liked until recently with Dr. Le.  This man is smart, kind, friendly, and he spends all the time with you that you need.  I've always been a walk in and have never waited long.   I write this because I want his practice to flourish so he stays put - but at the same time, selfishly, I hope he doesn't become so popular that I lose my ease of access to him.  My bet is that if everyone in O.C. knew about Dr. Le their current physician would soon go out of business.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mC88CfKBGY4h4l8sePwpYA	Dr. Le is so kind and caring. I wish all doctors in the could emulate him. I have never had such a pleasant experience with a doctor before. Great experience with the whole staff, no wait time, and sparkling clean facility. Highly recommend this place. .Very professional !		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wsCUJPvXajEloxPEMjUXwA	I live down the street and stopped into Coastline to take a second TB test for a job. .Unfortunately, the first urgent care I went to had me wait over an hour and then told me to come back on a day they weren't open for results.   .Needless to say, I was really surprised when I walked into Coastline. The decor is very modern, the staff was professional, and I was in and out of there in no time.   .Everything seemed standard compared with the urgent care I normally go to in Fountain Valley, but this one is literally down the street from me. The head Physician was also really friendly. He took some extra time to just sit and chat with me about his business. I'm pretty sure he mentioned they take most insurances, cash pay ($60 compared to the usual $90-$100) and Medicare.  .In any case, great new urgent care location and if you're looking to support a new small business in the area, give Coastline a visit. I'll be letting my friends and family in the area know about them as well =).	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yDcfhCbYmdoXuAoBzFku1w	I don't enjoy visiting doctors offices at all. Long wait times, average service and expensive rates make me avoid them at all cost. Coastline Urgent care was by far the best experience I have had at a doctors office in my lifetime. Short wait time, friendly staff, extremely helpful ,knowledgeable doctor on staff and affordable pricing. I do not have insurance and it was not a problem for them at all. I highly recommend them.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4mjSTd_M1zkqFCcWQ2JFrQ	This place is seriously AHH-Mazing!! I walked in to a very nice and CLEAN facility and was seen within 5 minutes. Gave the Doc my symptoms. Sure enough it was the flu gone bronchitis. He prescribe about 4 Meds to take all together (two of them were OTC) Hallelujah, it knocked it right out! They have some that you can purchase right there with them including antibiotics for $15 bucks. He even threw in some free samples of bio-freeze for my stiff neck. This was my second visit with them and so far it's been quick easy and since I don't have insurance right now it's the cheapest around.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=khfSwY_jT-MYjsNPkk9tKg	Dr. Le has been the best doc I've ever had. His knowledge and his patience to explain in detail my aliments proved to me that he really cares about his patients. .I initially went in for ear pain, and before we could start the examination he stated I had a post nasal drip caused by allergies. I asked him how he knew what the issue was so quickly, he stated I kept clearing my throat which is caused by Mucous build up and it closes my nasal ear canal, which in turn causes me ear pain. This guy knows his stuff. .Safe to say, he's going to be my doc for a long time to come. .Thanks again Dr. Le!!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rt4VNgCG755zWcMpdOrn8Q	The prices are very affordable and I was seen within 5 minutes! Dr. Le was informative and telling me what my health issue was and prescribed me with the appropriate medication. So glad I went here. The secretary was nice and the place is super clean!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1mcEEgJRWWQSOKKICAvRMg	There's nothing like it! Talk about a 5-star Urgent Care experience! I walked in, filled out my paperwork because of a careless accident with my finger and less than 5 minutes went back into a room, checked vitals and met with Dr Le. He was so knowledgable and took his time answering all my questions and I was out of there in no time! .Although this UC doesn't accept HMO, I was more than happy to pay the fee for a peace of mind, superb service, outstanding Dr. and very polite staff!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3hebJJHglryZszqK9Mhq6Q	Dr. Lee is my savior!! He is so smart and the staff is all so friendly! Your in within minutes! He is so on point with what he does and doesn't beat around the bush! My go to place! Thank you!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IE5c7HwIzNFDejngIovpZQ	I have had a cold for over three weeks now so I've been looking to get a B12 shot. I walked by this place going to Cauldron and saw a sign in the window about the vitamin shots so I gave it a try. It is by far the nicest Urgent Care I've been in with a wonderful and helpful receptionist. I got a B12 shot and a vitamin C shot to boost my immunity, together it was around $30.00. Totally worth it and I'll probably make it a monthly stop at least for the B12 shot. Great place, I highly recommend.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Br3pWJbWTRrcoXYj-PmBow	My wife and I followed Dr. Le from Encino, CA in the San Fernando Valley (and have been patients of his for many years) - we still happily drive an hour to see him each month. The reason being Dr. Le is truly that good, and his staff and Urgent Care know how to treat you. Much like a person might strike it lucky to find a really good mechanic, we discovered in Dr. Le a truly good and reliable Medical Doctor. He also adds the personal touch of genuine concern and follow-up that is a rarity in modern times. He is not "over-priced" or too thoroughly busy to make one feel less than singularly important. His diagnosis i are detailed, and he knows many reliable specialists. .Obviously, I (we) highly recommend Dr. Le and his Coastline Urgent Care.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PZqMagZit2jDVvUwS5xwpQ	Currently in the room and I can say these guys are the real deal. It's clean, welcoming and everyone moves with purpose and makes you as comfy as possible. Thank you Coastline Urgent Care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L5DZ6UnChP29IcYN0E95YA	This was probably one of the better experiences I've had at an urgent care ever. The front desk receptionist was very nice and helpful. Told me the cost of the visit upfront so there would be no surprises. The medical assistant who took me to the room was also very nice and offered me water, I mean when does that ever happen? And dr. le was very helpful. as a cash patient he didn't try to get me to do any unnecessary tests or exams. He was able to give me a diagnosis and the medication I needed quickly. Overall a great experience.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lYssp5vIBhbz5c0J-QCLsQ	Deserves as many stars as possible. Normally I wouldn't think to rate an urgent care. Very clean, quick, and was impressed with the level of care from Dr. Le. Much better experience than I've had at any other urgent care. He was very understanding and genuine, and he took time to clearly explain a diagnosis, and the next steps toward the long term plan. I was in and out, rx ready in about 30 minutes, feeling much better		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vWDCYDKVGuDHSYEibAdMiw	Best place ever  very nice staff and nice dr very pleased the olace was super clean  dr tom was a reallly big help		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BlBd_RN2PcXQna74Yvw3FA	Amazing customer service, friendly and very clean nice place. After filling out all the paperwork, was in and out of there within an hour.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gziUmiMGIcqe2V2RkkXgbQ	Was looking for a good urgent care and I ended up finding a great one. Great staff and awesome doctor. My wife took a hard fall while snowboarding and we both were worried if she had sustained some serious injuries. Dr. Le was kind and attentive. Answered all our questions. .I was worried about how much everything would end up costing and I was surprised by how little I end up spending. .All in all a great experience even though it was a bit out of the way from where we live. No regrets on driving through all that horrible traffic to get serviced by a great team.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_pKpR9rd8AIDUwh8sHh9mQ	Fantastic service! Dr. Le is an incredible doctor. Very understanding and takes the time with his patients. He's the only Dr. on site, but the service was fast. Came on a Saturday and they weren't really busy at all. The building is clean and well kept. Urgent care has only been here since October 2014..Literally the best Dr. Office I have ever been to.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uXHY8kLfF1FZxeDT0k4iaQ	The best urgent care in town.A couple days ago I got a flu like symptom and decided to try this urgent care bevause it had a high rating in yelp review. Yup, yelp review was so right. The new patient paperwork was not too much, and wait time was only 10 min. or so. The stuff was very nice and kind. Dr. Le was one of the best doctors in SoCal. Ive seen so many urgent care doctors in Irvine, Newport Neach and Costa Mesa, but by far he is the most efficient, kind and knowledgeable doctor. He did a flu check and perscribed med. I much needed. Tjank you so much Dr Le and staffs! I hope I won't catch a flu or cold anytime soon but if I do, I would absolutely go back to this urgent care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vmDJjjiwA5_TFlWEhEfMiQ	Quick and really friendly staff! Dr. Le was excellent and addressed my excuse effectively. You do not wait at all at this place ! Highly recommend it ! Plus I got a first aid kit which is super cute too! (:	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mM84h95FcECc-NJSoUX_0Q	Came here rather than to my pcp to save me 20 min drive. .The wait is short! I waited for less than 15 minutes in the waiting room and less than 5 min in the exam room. .Office is clean and minty fresh. .The receptionist is not so friendly. She doesn't seem genuine, especially to a sick patient. It's understandable since it's an urgent care in the area that may draw in drug seekers, so she prolly wouldn't know who's sick or faking..Dr. Le is a good doctor. He is genuine and seems to take care of his patients well.  He was thorough on the diagnosis and I agreed with his plan of treatment (I usually give suggestions to my doctor). He's super generous on prescription refills! (It's not a narcotic)	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3_I7kda_xjOjBYA506aAjw	This is hands down the best urgent care around. They never have a long wait (or really any wait), the facility is new and clean, the staff and doctor are very friendly, and it's inexpensive. My copay was $15 but I've come in when I was in between insurance coverage and out of pocket only paid maybe $50? Give or take a little, but it's totally worth it.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yneKwOdfXCjHqdMZ1BXffg	Hands down the best experience I have ever had at a doctors office. The office is very modern and clean, the wait is very minimal, and Dr. Le is awesome. He spent ample time with me for an annual checkup and answered all of my questions. I never felt rushed at all. I had some routine blood work done IN HOUSE! No driving to another clinic to get blood drawn and wait 2 weeks for results...Dr. Le called me HIMSELF with the results the very NEXT DAY. I will never go anywhere else.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OrFXazl1ilUWztVSE9qpWw	I had to get both of my kids a sports physical. I was not able to get in to see their regular doctor and I was in a pinch. I was referred to this urgent care for the sports physical. Great service!!! I was in and out of there in 45 mins, friendly staff and Doctor, very clean and they made everything so easy for me. Highly recommended		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g00JLJMlMsm3FJ1iXiY7DA	This place is the definition of top tier urgent care. I was in and out of there in 20 minutes with the prescription for medicine and within a day I was feeling better. 1 Time I was so sick I had blood work, urine test, and chest xrays done and it was no additional cost for the visit. Their nurses are friendly and both doctors are nothing but professionals. I will not only continue coming here in the future but I will also refer friends and family.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1LPOCV6eV-A_kGJPnagfQg	Affordable and efficient! Such a great experience! My boyfriend went in for a serious sinus infection, he was treated and prescribed a medication within 30 minutes. The staff was very helpful, the location was clean and modern. .We will definitely be back!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2Qfa3o72sq04_MCUxy3Shg	I had a pretty interesting experience. .I went here for stomach pains. One of us got gastritis because she couldn't handle her anxiety for a month about quitting her job and moving to LA. (Me.)  So I searched for a good urgent care and this popped up. .I waited 2 minutes and was seen by Dr. Le. He was great! Prescribed the right meds to take my stomach pains away and 2 days later my stomach was as good as new. .Except my face broke out in a really bad rash. Because I'm apparently allergic to the stomach meds he prescribed. So I went to a different urgent care who said I was having an allergic reaction and to stop taking the stomach meds and to try a benadryl.  So I took a benadryl.... turns out I am allergic to benadryl. My face swelled up and my rash intensified and I very seriously considered never leaving my house again. I called Coastline that monday and explained my symptoms to Dr. Le who asked me to come down so he could verify my reaction in person..Again, my wait time was less than 2 minutes, and he took one look at me and immediately ordered a course of steroids. His nurse gave me a butt shot (!) and off I went. .24 hours later my face was back to normal and I am singing the praises of modern medicine and Dr. Le. .THANK GOD FOR DR. LE AND COASTLINE!	2 5 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TBeqbj5qYAEunqdWlqvegQ	The most professional, efficient, and nice experience I ever had with a health care center. Have been here twice and will never go anywhere else. Thank you for your amazing service!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mduzbFMsIe71xPUq98E9Bg	I've been coming to Coastline Urgent Care since it opened for a few years now.  I recommend coming because of the knowledge that Dr. Tom Le holds and his genuine way in caring                       for his patients the way he does.  I've had XRays there as well which saved me lots of time.  Always Spotless! I definitely continue to share this location with everyone that I know.  You are the BEST!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oMSINM5ov8ziNo4PfdKTYg	Coastline Urgent Care is a great clinic. I've been in a few times and the staff has always been extremely kind, attentive, and customer service oriented. They are usually very efficient too, I think the longest I've had to wait in the lobby is 20 minutes and Dr. Le has never left me waiting in an examination room long. The facility is also very clean as well..I'm so disappointed they are no longer considered "In Network" by my insurance. I recently needed to be seen and had to go to another clinic. It was a bummer.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7CNdP3JfV1SAO6S6Wu1o8Q	This is the best urgent care /health care center I have ever visited .I am a nursing student and Coastline Urgent Care goes  above and beyond to ensure they provide their patients with outstanding care. I have been here several times and they always get me in within 5 minutes . The Doctor and the Physician's  Assistant  spend quality time with you and provide efficient , caring , holistic care at a very reasonable price . I have never had a better experience being a patient than I have had here at Coastline . I highly recommend coming here	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NUeF1a9G6DI1PVQQo4dObg	After calling a few places near my office and being denied a same day appointment, I happen to look across the street and realized an urgent. Care clinic. Called and asked if they accepted my insurance at 11 am. At 2pm I walked over and was out by 225pm. Little to my surprise, my bf has been there several times instead of his primary care! .Dr. Le was the best! Very professional, knowledgeable, and quick to diagnose after he heard my symptoms. He is one of the best Drs I've seen in a long time! The ladies in the front were so sweet and made me feel very comfortable when I walked in. The facility was in pristine condition and looked very modern inside. (They even offer b shots for a super low price- the girl that administered my shot was great! No pain and I see no bruise) I would highly recommend this place!!!	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=57UbEGfiJTT64Mqe77g0mg	I have a fairly high degree of medical sophistication. The doctor is excellent. The clinic is very modern and new. The staff is well-trained and very responsive. I was in and out very quickly and they were very helpful in my scheduling. I highly recommend this urgent care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vCw27Os7OllDIWDhKcnVcg	Coastline urgent care is the absolute best! There's never a wait time and everyone at the front desk is so prompt and very kind. Dr. Le and the other doctors in which I have seen are so caring, understanding and very helpful. I always feel 100% better when I go.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IFhjp0mItQE-MKwzsjVWVg	Confirmed, great urgent care. Dr. Lee is great & front office to nurse is very friendly and attentive. My daughter isn't feeling well, we came 30 min before closing & they still took us.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=87lxH4H6kWnhITxMIEiD6Q	Dr. Le is truly amazing, professional and so kind! Being in the medical field for over 8 years I pay attention to how an office is run. From the doctor to the assistants, to instructions on after care.  Let me say I am AMAZED! The whole office is so well taken care of and CLEAN!! . I had zero wait time. Was helped by Jessica in the front desk. Very kind and so helpful! Then was taken back by Yesenia again very polite and made sure I was comfortable. Then the doctor came in shook my hand and introduced himself! (Working with multiple doctors not many do that so I always appreciate it) I had a very painful hematoma. He examined me and knew exactly how to take care of it. His assistant Hector was so so attentive and caring as well as very professional and polite. .The doctor instructed me on how to take care of it even gave me a first aid kit, some prescriptions to help I feel a million times better, instantly!.Let me tell you all, it is very very rare to find a great doctor and staff like this that knows exactly what they are doing, how important their roles are in the office and on top of that have a great bedside manner! .He is also a PCP! Definitely going to him from now on no doubt about it! .Keep up the great work! Will refer everyone to you guys! .Sincerely,.One happy patient!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Zfbz1ARS-mTI1tGhnLrtlw	I had my yearly physical with Dr. Le and this place is terrific! Meticulously clean, professional and everyone is so nice and caring. I hadn't eaten in over 14 hours and after having my blood drawn I fainted like a champ LOL. The whole staff were amazing and made sure I was fine before sending me on my way. I've found my new home for healthcare.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5bXW1gXpqwcBXpP4xy1BAg	I had a fractured hand, a week later a friend talked me into coming here. Because without insurance he'd be affordable considering the circumstances. They were fair priced but the service, care, and nonexistent wait time was what impressed me most. I highly recommend this urgent care. Very knowledgeable and just plain good people.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fJ0rIyL5ksPZ-cmNliCyAQ	I had an easy visit to the clinic for a check up. First time going to this clinic and I was impressed. Staff was very helpful and nice, Dr. Le was also very helpful and provided insight on my problem I had. They accepted me without healthcare it cost me 60 on top of what I was proscribed. A little expensive but I mean what can you expect with out healthcare. It's a nice facility very professional and clean.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rxFL6QLWoJC5g5cu_p3ttg	This was my first time at any urgent care, but I read bad reviews of other places so I thankfully chose this location after reading so many positive Yelp reviews. To start, it was easy to find and plenty of parking. Inside was very nice and I was promptly greeted at the front desk. Within minutes I was called in and after having my vitals taken, Dr. Le came in a couple of minutes later. He was very knowledgeable and made me feel much better discussing my situation and recommended treatment. Was signed out just as quickly as I was signed in and on my way. There was nothing the staff could have done better! Definitely the only place I will go if I find myself needing to visit urgent care again.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fdk3k4vCyN1YUto35eyBAg	I have been to many Urgent care clinics - but have never had such a great experience.  We were visiting Laguna Beach from dallas, TX and not only did I get sick, but my daughter and twin 3 year old granddaughters got sick.  After reading lots of reviews we decided on Coastline Urgent Care and the entire experience was wonderful.  The office was clean and spacious, the staff was friendly and caring and Dr Lee was fantastic.  He was great with the kids as well and really made an effort to make them feel comfortable and relaxed in an unfamiliar doctors office. We went in without appointments and were all seen right away.  There was even a "surprise" box for the girls to pick out a treat from.  The entire experience was an A++ and I would recommend this clinic highly to anyone!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L08mVWj-aXf1L2tp5H5dRw	A friend from my office referred me to Coastline and I couldn't praise this office more.  .*Very convenient close to work and very short wait time so I can go on my lunch.*Staff is incredible, kind and caring.*Reasonably priced.*They go above and beyond - called to see how I was feeling after my appointment..Thank You Dr. Le and Your Staff		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=naJ6KbljFQyk2LvmUms8rw	Love Dr. Lee. He's my new Primary Care provider. I came in for an x-Ray of my back to give to my PT and he noticed some blockage in my gut. I was surprised when he suggested a colonic. I've been looking for a doctor that applies uses both traditional western medicine and homeopathic methods. The staff is friendly as well.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9mu1p0d4Hb4fWe9xkgxjeQ	I have to say Coastline Urgent Care truly goes above and beyond for their patients. The attentive, caring and compassionate heart Dr. Tom Le exudes is priceless. I highly recommend Dr. Le as your Family doctor for your medical needs. The staff (Jessica, Yesenia and Hector) are absolutely amazing. This medical office truly adheres to "true patient care" with a professional stance at every visit.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0ZYOMXVcxcwTjI0qopvM2g	Friendly, knowledgable and efficient. Just what you want in an urgent care. They took care of me on a trip. If I lived here I would make them my regular doctor's office.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9WY7TG8gHLwJ1gCLFN84-w	2nd visit today and yet again impressed with the service. This place has it right and other clinics should take notes.  Dr. Le is excellent and supported by a great team of friendly faces.  Wish you much success Coastline and happy 1st year anniversary!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WcRTAsm5TIbdj4Qh1Kccdg	Dr Le is fast. I got my abscess checked out and got prescription and a shot within 30 minutes. The front desk was very friendly and told me to come immediately to avoid wait time.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iF0EG7gJrjX3sCJW58AWgA	Truly the best urgent care experience I have ever had. Professional, clean, no wait, and respectful. Highly recommended.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=n1JqFyUbh_clq9LdI_vbPg	If my insurance would accept Dr. Le as my primary physician, I would switch to him in a New York minute. He is a very knowledgeable and caring doctor, and wonderful with kids. I was surprised at how our little one so readily accepted Dr. Le. He resolved her problem and set our minds at rest. In addition, his fees are very reasonable.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ipFwXYduH6pTCrdPXRsNIA	I personally enjoy the service I receive every time I come here. It's straight to the point and no mess. The staff are welcoming and pretty darn amazing. I'm a cash patient and I love how affordable the service is as well. This place is ..		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XT3sBLXNfFVhLboyZOCTaA	AMAZING SERVICE! I am not one to post much on Yelp but this place simply was on top! The staff and Doctor are so patient and kind! Highly highly recommend them! :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FVAiDKb-AxIbCZfjj9V3yA	By far the best urgent care I have ever been to. The doctor and well as the entire staff treat you like an actual human being and not just a number and a dollar sign. Dr. Lee is friendly and actually takes the time to listen to you and goes out of his way to make you feel comfortable and welcomed. He also takes the time to answer any and all questions you have. I was most surprised when they called me back a few days after my visit to see how I was doing. Amazing.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vmypRBSypRQ5QEv9kmVROw	I want to say my visit today was amazing. I hate drs and I found myself in a bind where pain and discomfort were involved. I hobbled in to this gorgeous clean office, friendly staff and Dr Le is the kindness man. He is smart, kind, patient, what drs should be. He knew what was up with me and what we needed to be done. I will come to him from now on and I'll be referring him to everyone (not too many in case I need him) Thanks for the great job!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9-wS07XqQVVYdC60ucHibA	My 18 month old daughter needed to see a doctor today for a bad reaction to a prescription. We have HMO so we needed to pay the $60 office visit. Doctor was great and place is very clean! My wife is very picky and she didn't have anything negative to say. Very short wait and the doctors diagnosis seems dead on accurate. They even had some of the ointment there to purchase versus having to stop somewhere. We will keep this place on our mind when weekend issues pop up. Thank you!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bUnMVmdqfrTo-GU7lMNvng	I was sick for several days and after a 5 year streak of not going to the Doctor I decided it was time for a visit. I checked yelp and noticed the positive reviews for Coastline. The service provided from the receptionist, X-ray tech to Dr. Tom Long Le was excellent. There is plenty of parking, the wait time was  a matter of minutes, every employee I interacted with was pleasant/helpful and the service exceeded my expectations. I had 0.0 issues here.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RfyH_mFHMq8JML6olv2CIQ	I love coming here ! Absolutely friendly and professional , it's very nice and good place to go too . Every 2 weeks I have an appointment with Melanai she is really awesome . I really saw a big changes in my acne . I recommend everyone to come to there office ...	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Jf6n8_RPXHdjd57W6WSxEQ	I really like this office.  I've been to both their locations. .Everyone is personable and I never feel rushed here.  I saw Andrea the PA for an acne follow up visit.  I tend to ask a lot of questions--She was very patient and had excellent bedside manner.  My last dermatologist seemed always rushed and I never felt that comfortable--totally not an issue here!.I'm happy with the treatments she prescribed me and they seem to be working well.  My skin has never looked better!  .This is a great office and I highly recommend them.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hqN6G_u6Taw0tcf0iwE1gw	Professional and personable medical staff and front office personnel with stylish and clean offices have made monthly visits over three years to Dr. Nguyen's practice a pleasure with clear positive results.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-cmDm2hC87LRbg8rJxOIkw	I made an appointment to see the dermatologist at this place. The place is ok. However, I was greeted by the physician's assistant, not the doctor himself. My insurance paid a DERMATOLOGIST's visit price not for me to see an assistant. If you can't come to your office during open hours, then don't open the freaking office..All they do is urging me to do facial so they make more money. No thanks. Not helpful at all..Anyway, for all of those who had acne. My friend went thru isotretinoin treatment and it worked wonder. Ask your derm for that. Other laser, face wash, face cream, anti-biotics won't work. Just a waste of your time and money. Acne product companies spent a lot of money to hide the most effective treatment for acne so they won't go out of business. Educate yourself before making your choice. Just an FYI :)	8 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ukkRTJLkQTx95fCalVn6BA	Waiting area is cute but small, receptionists are very friendly. .The first time I came here with my sister I was driving around for 15 minutes before I found it. It's located in a building on the corner of mcgaw and Von karman across the street from a go karting place. .I was able to do a walk in without having to wait forever despite the fact that there were about 8 patients with appointments. The dermatologist himself was REALLY nice, he took one look at my face and recognized my trouble areas and whatnot and gave me medication..He made his own skin care line, and my sister has used it before and she's in LOVE with the retinol serum but it's a bit pricey, $45. The lady that gave me a facial was a bit rough, but then again I've never had a facial before and IT HURT. It wasn't relaxing and a couple days later my face is still trying to heal. I felt that she was thorough, but not enough because when I went home, I still saw noticeable blackheads. Hopefully my face will be better soon..Although everyone in the office is REALLY sweet, I felt like the doctor rushed through my visit. He gave me the same samples that he gave my sister, who has far worse acne then I do. He gave me two coupons for the samples, but I can't get those at the pharmacy without a prescription... I'll be back for another facial, maybe, but not another office visit.	5	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-Yrb1DdkNroW66-CJaOqLw	I love coming here! Absolutely friendly and professional, very thorough and easy for appointments.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=AUktGR4mi-rNTLqaDXWQGw	Very kind and welcoming staff. The PAs are very knowledgeable and are very helpful with my treatments. I am aware that the staff does extra paperwork to provide patients with specialized medicine which I am able to have access to thanks to their efforts. I've also received calls from the clerical staff whenever complications came up regarding my insurance and helped me follow through the necessary steps to solve these issues.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qXd-EbnYkTTZjTuLRq5c7A	This is my very first time meeting Dr. Nguyen and his staff, and I have to say this...Dr. Nguyen is one of the kindest doctors I've ever met!  His staff is very friendly too.  After completing the initial "new" patient paperwork, I was called right in. He actually told me, "thank you for being my patient."  He asked me questions and told me that he was going to give me nothing but the best. He gave me samples and coupons for some of my prescriptions! Wow!  He is very engaging, and I could tell that he genuinely cares for his patients and he ensures the best treatment for his patients.  He really put me at ease. As we all know too well, finding a specialist is like spinning the big doctor Wheel of Fortune. You just never know who you're going to get. There are way too many doctors who treat you like a number--not Dr. Nguyen!  I'm so happy that I found him!  He is just a delight!	11	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LWExbnE3HhapLcClM8hKwA	My experience was top notch. I had some moles removed and had a young PA named Andrea doing the surgery. She was very nice and professional. She would tell me step by step what she was doing. They even stayed after closing because I had a late appointment dude to my schedule. This place cares about their patients. The stitches are small and very neat. I will be coming back here for all my dermatologist needs!	9	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rhLLMYCPCtPYGVs-z_iLjg	Must have been a bad day for one of the front desk receptionist but I was treated very rudely on the phone when I was making an appt.   I dont expect to be treated like royalty but don't cut me off when I'm talking...thats pretty rude don't you think? When I got there, she charged me for copay that was already paid .  She was adamant I needed to pay it, so I paid (I should've just walked out).   Sorry Dr. Nguyen, I'll be looking for a new dermatologist.	8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bOfd75kCNfq-ctcQ6g-KtA	Do NOT go here.  I had 3 appts. here and from the very first one I had my doubts.  Too many problems/issues to even type!  If you are on this page to see what others are saying about this office in order to make your decision about going here, please find another doctor.	14	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g_v7CRw0HQjiureKPtCXpg	Looking for a compassionate, knowledgeable doctor to treat skin disorders? Look no more! They are a best in class group to treat eczema and psoriasis.  Andrea Nguyen, PA, is hands on and in her own right, one of the most knowledgeable, bright young, medical experts on psoriasis.  She is conservative in her approach and relentless in her quest to help patients find relief from this disease.  Dr. Nguyen and Ms. Nguyen are kind, compassionate and practical in their advice and treatment.  I've treated with many dermatologists over the years and they are lazy about getting educated about the most up to date medications and practices.  Dr. Nguyen and Andrea are on top of the new meds and procedures.  They are very accommodating and even open on Saturdays!  They are very interested in helping treat your condition, and will work with you on your insurance. Dr. Nguyen absolutely holds to the Hippocratic Oath of "do no harm"...to that he adds, "and whatever I can to help you".  This is a first rate staff and facility! Can't say enough about this group.  Even if your insurance does not contract with them, it is worth treating with them as a cash patient!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XeFSKFSLnQPlrpTAjSi1Ig	I will hope I never come back here again.  I been treating with Dr. Ardith Courtney, MD she has not feelings for her patients.  She made me feel like a I was not worth living anymore regarding my MS she is all about the medication and I just dont agree with that.  The billing of this place is a second worst thing they will charge your ins for your dr. visit and the facility they wont tell you that but ones you get your billing back dont be surprice of what you get back.  The girls in billing are no help they wont help you call your ins they will expect you to call and do their job I was really upset how they had me calling everyone and no one could help.  I work for a billing facility and I dont treat my patient this way not at all I try to help them the best way I can.  God bless this place but I wont be coming back.	5 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HNyteNsIE8fwNl68rV0m_g	I was looking for new Primary Care Physician and the office admin and supervisor simply did not undrstand the request, they put me hold on for longtime and then simply ask me to call back insurance - very unprofessional staff	2 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dBRgC9TI6Ax2yulnO8-EFQ	I really wish there was more I could do than write a negative review on Yelp about this, but my hope is that someone will read this and take their business elsewhere. .This does not reflect on the doctor who I was seeing, as he was beyond reproach. This is completely on the shoulders of the billing department who saw fit to hit me with TWO different medical bills. One for the doctor's time, and one for 'facilities use,' despite the fact that my visit was completely limited to the writing of a prescription for antidepressants. I wasn't even informed on this second charge until two months after my first visit, only to be told that I was delinquent on a bill that I was JUST NOW informed about. .So, I'm out more than six hundred dollars, mind you that's AFTER my insurance did their part, for the doctor to write a script for my antidepressant. I cannot urge you, whoever you are, enough. PLEASE take your business elsewhere; do not give these people a second of your time, or you'll find their hand wrapped around your wallet in a death grip.	4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4A7iwPaVLzeK_Hq4wYWfxQ	This review is for the clinical lab.  They are horribly understaffed here.  By 9:15 am the small waiting area and outside hallway is packed with patients waiting to get lab work done. The lone overworked receptionist, who has lost her courtesy skills probably by 8 am,  says "put your paperwork in the basket and I'll be right with you."  45 minutes later, I inquire about my paperwork that is still untouched in the basket.  She emphasizes how very busy she is with the other patients before me and I should check.back in 10 minutes to get an estimate of how.much longer I will have to wait.  UCI administrators dont care about patients or our experience of sitting here endlessly waiting once you are in the system.  Try to stay out of their system.	4	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3f4uaqqBjS3NCqa596MYTA	Diabetes specialties:.Review is based on the two people patients have to go through to get things faxed to the insurance, insulin pump companies, and continuous glucose monitor companies etc..1) Susan Izzo - the diabetes educator for Dr. choi:.She does not listen to specific and concise requests from patients. .She says she will take care of something and then doesn't..She acts unprofessional to even my Anthem insurance rep who was helping me get her to fax records so the process of me receiving a medical device would be taken care of and not still be pending. She did not do this. The rep had to call several times and speak to another person who could fax my records. I've been without an insulin pump for almost a month since mine broke and she does not care enough to even send out a fax..2) Dr. Choi's  medical assistant whose name I don't know..She has attitude and is rude..She lied to me when I asked if a company sent in a prescription refill request in and if it had been taken care of bc it has been a week. She told me that another patient, but not me, had one sent but that she'll watch out for mine. I call the company and find out that she faxed the paperwork right after I talked to her and it WAS MY paperwork that had come in, not some other one of her patients. .She even asked me what type of diabetic I am when it's listed in my file and I am wearing an insulin pump. She obviously doesn't even know the basics of diabetes..She was uncooperative in helping me get my continuous glucose monitor supplies in that she did not fax a simple prescription to where I specifically asked. I had to ask the UCI health insurance officer to help me and she even said that Choi's medical assistant was rude, yelling, and hung up on them..She even admitted that she can't keep a track on all the faxes and files that come in. She doesn't have time for it. .Dr. choi is a good doctor but what ultimately matters is that I get the medical devices that I need to stay alive and healthy. Both Susan Izzo and the medical assistant constantly cause unnecessary problems in the process of me receiving my right to treatment..UCI Health's statement about the quality of treatment is absolutely incorrect. There is a lack of treatment along with when someone does finally get the job done, they had attempted many times incorrectly, stalling the treatment for my type 1 diabetes..I am outraged by the way I have been treated. At this moment i am still waiting for an insulin pump after mine broke about a month ago and am still on syringes and lantus which had been making me sick this whole time..No one cares and nothing is being done. I could easily die waiting for my insulin pump and only then would these "physicians" be investigated or fired and be replaced with people who can offer decent professionalism..I will soon be switching endocrinologists, not because of the dr himself, but bc of the people behind the desks who are inadequate that I can't avoid having to count on.	10 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jAkrf88NBkvCSBLB4iwVDQ	Dr Courtney is a great MS Doctor. She explains things and spends enough time with with. She also generally is ON TIME with her appointments. I really appreciate this as other doctors at UCI can run HOURS behind. Not always the news I want but at least I understand.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Bsu3ccgJn6lPULP9oAW8Ug	I have only been here once but I had a great experience. Haven't received any bills yet. .I saw Dr. Elizabeth Le, the dermatologist. I didn't have to wait very long for my appointment. She was very personable and helpful. Her nurse (Lauri, I believe) was excellent as well. The lab staff was very nice and it's convenient that you just go right downstairs to the lab..So far, so good. Even though it's a bit of a hike from their Orange location, especially during rush hour, I am very glad my insurance is accepted here.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vDBNUcePvXvEn6WC5-Hk_A	Dr. Sholly and Dr. Douglas at the primary care office are just amazing. The staff period and especially nurse Jackson are so caring and friendly. I feel so lucky to have them as my sons doctor. They're fast and efficient and I wouldn't change a thing about this office. Anytime there's an emergency visit or just a quick care call they just Care! Nothing more is needed to be said :-)		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cABbvlZr4W8ye2FVKl_HHg	This rating is ONLY for UCI billing for their rooms (not their staff):  Still getting those annoying collection letters!  Even though the balance HAS BEEN PAID!!!  ARRGG!!!  .If I rated the staff and level of care separately, then it would be 5 stars..UPDATE 3/20/18.  While I continue to love my doctor and the care that I receive at UCI for MS....I still have an issue with their billing.  Please realize this reveiw and update is for UCI's billing practices.  .May 2017 - I see my MS doctor May 18th.  I inform the people upon checkin that the CIGNA insurance card is from my EX-husband's account and that I am in the process of getting COBRA/CIGNA.  When I finally receive my COBRA/CIGNA card with a new member number, I call UCI to inform them about it.  They have already billed my old policy, and received PAYMENT from that policy.  I tell them to bill my new policy correctly, and that never happens, I eventually receive notices from a collection agency AFTER my old CIGNA policy requests a refund from UCI.  .July 2017 - I switch to a new MS drug (very expensive, like $75K/year, but not as expensive as my old MS drug).  I receive two infusions at my MS doctor's infusion center.  I eventually end up receiving a collections notice from those visits, even though I double checked upon check-in that they had my NEW COBRA/CIGNA plan!!!  WTF UCI BILLING???  Again, my old CIGNA policy was billed, and my CIGNA policy paid $75K to UCI. .Then, when CIGNA figures out that I have been terminated from my old policy, they ask UCI for a refund for that $75K.  Then of course, I end up in collections AGAIN!!!  .Feb 2018: So, I ask my MS doctor's nurse who I speak to in UCI billing to straighten this ClusterF*ck out, and I now have V.V.'s number, who takes care of the billing for my MS doctor!  I have left her at least 3 messages in the last couple months and she NEVER returns my calls unless I complain to my MS doctor's nurse!!!  She is always 'sick' or whatever excuse she has. .At this late point, UCI cannot bill my new plan correctly from last year, it would apparently be illegal, but why is YOUR lack of urgency, and your complete incompetence, now MY emergency?!?!?  WHY??? Can I charge you for my time spent trying to sort this out?  Can I send you the interest charges from the collections agencies???  AGAIN.....WTF UCI BILLING?!?!	8 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TBbAdBM1rHsozVRyz2U5KQ	Without question the worst medical experience I've ever had in my life.  Like other reviewers who were deeply dissatisfied, I made an appt. for an annual physical with Dr. Emily Chow.  She was a preferred provider for my insurance company Health Net..I was seated in a chair for the appointment as we went over my medical history and discussed possible treatments for menopause. .She gave me a flu shot and I had a pap exam.  That's it..The bill came to $870.00!  UCI billed my insurance $$286.00 for Dr. Chow's services.  The remaining $584.00 is for my flu shot and pap test which they refused to bill as preventive, and a "facility fee" of $220.00!  I have been round and round with them as well as Health Net.  UCI says they are unable to change the codes to preventive.  Health Net says they absolutely can correct them to match services rendered.  They refuse and have turned my bill over to collections..I have been promised repeatedly the Assistant Director of Claims would return my calls but she never has.  .I am appalled I'm being charged for preventive care and $220.00 to sit in a chair!  On top of it all, I didn't feel that Dr. Chow was a responsive doctor..Do not even think about a visit there.  I'm filing complaints with the California Department of Public Health.  Probably won't do any good but it makes me feel better.	14 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xba9hJezdgPeVmBq4e3JPg	They're not very helpful, but it's a decent place. There wasn't too much of a wait, but staff not very friendly.	4	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Jnae4rJxl3y8JcD9l31eew	This place is a billing raquet. I saw Dr. Alem in Pain Managmemt. What an unprofessional jerk. I had a back fusion in 2011. I still need Norco, a couple a day after work. Since this drug is a leve 2 narcotic, you now need to come to the office. I don't mind paying for the Dr.s charge, but they tack on a facility fee of $105, to sit in a room to wait for him. Then they said, to continue precribing my Norco, I need to take a drug test and sign an Opiod contract, Well, I got the lab bill sent to my insurance- $1,610!.They will push services on you! Actually, this was almost as much as my MRI! (done at a nother facility). Avoid this unprofessional office. It's not crowded when I have gone the four times so far. That should tell you something. Maybe everyone is in Debtors Prison. Find a small private practioner.	6	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wdplVHwVlSWHekD6hJp2gA	My experience is pretty much in line with most of the reviewers here.  I went in to have my annual exam last month.  I called up my insurance beforehand.  Annual exam is 100% covered by my insurance company no matter if the medical group is in network or not.  And UCI medical group IS in my network.  .I liked my doctor.  He did spend time going through my medical history and seemed to care.  Good doctor all around..Now, I got billed for around $450 because they billed for an annual exam PLUS a doctor visit and facility charges.  I called up the insurance company.  They said that's what facilities like UCI medical do.  I can't afford to go there anymore.  I will go back to my old doctor who I had visited for the last 10 years.  He is just not close to where I work and live.  He had never billed me a penny for the annual exams all these years.	7 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=i8PtL-VozVwIRhiW-mgFtg	I have needed a medication for over a week and have still not received it because my primary care has not sent in the request to the pharmacy. This is for sleep so my doctor doesn't even care that I have not slept for 3 days! I had 4 pills left when I sent in the request! How hard can that be to send in request to the pharmacy?	6 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DzX2mAAPoSsAIhFNAwPCLQ	Visited with Dr. Vo, they were great, but not worth $400 for a routine visit!!!!.I read the reviews and didn't believe them, so listen up! .It does NOT matter if they are in-network. UCI is considered an outpatient care Center by the state of California and uses the tax ID for the hospital. You WILL receive two bills. That's the minimum according to the rep I spoke to on the phone. .My first bill (arrived promptly) was for the doctor... $311, nothing covered by insurance. I tried to appeal on the grounds that there was no warning that it would be billed differently than a typical visit. Insurance (BCBS) was very nice, filed the appeal, but I was rejected..The second bill (arrived 4 months later) was for the room, the line item says clinical services. Another $89 after insurance adjustment. When I spoke to the rep at UCI health today he agreed to adjust my account. Hopefully that means I don't owe the $89, but based on other reviews, I am still anticipating being hassled :(.	12	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=y7XUw7wEHApwcF7zEKRZ2w	If you ever get sick and your insurance covers it, I *HIGHLY RECOMMEND* seeing one of the skilled and knowledgeable physicians at Gottschalk Medical Plaza (which is on the UC Irvine campus). .Each and every one of the physicians here that I've had the pleasure of dealing with are very engaging, understanding, caring, passionate and personable. I think they each also teach at the UCI School of Medicine as well, so you know they are always sharp in their respective fields..The facility is clean and there is easy and ample parking as well as a shuttle that takes you between the Medical Plaza and the UCI Medical Center/Hospital in Orange. .Another big plus is if you are MAC-enabled via the UCI Campus, you can tap into their wifi network here while sitting in the waiting room. Or, you can sign on as a Guest and tap into their network while you wait as well..This facility seriously is a one-stop for all - there is literally a specialist for every single scope of the medical field that an individual would need, in addition to having a on-site pathology lab (so you get your results quicker). .Appointments are easy - you call into their call center and they can schedule you accordingly. The office support staff I've encountered as well as the nursing/medical support staff have all been very helpful and understanding with my every concern or need. .I've seen both a Internal Medicine physician and a Dermatologist here - who was able to diagnose my issue where other places failed. .I think . is their website	5 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iTrJqmWpPmFzoap0u10nQA	Went to get a checkup, and like other reviewers they gave a $60 examination room charge on top of the Doctor's visit!!  That's ludicrous.  .After all my searching for a good doctor, now I have to look elsewhere.  I am very disappointed.  This is unheard of!	7 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VvVBMNyFFS6trnvAvui5pg	In mid July this year, my family physician suspected I had Rheumatoid Arthritis and suggested that I go see a Rheumatologist as soon as possible. So, I called around and was shocked to find that the earliest appointments available are about 2 months away.  Anyways, I made an appointment with Dr. Dan Mandel, at the UCI Gottschalk Medical Plaza on July 18th for a September 11th appointment since this was the earliest appointment I was able to find. Two days prior to my appointment, I received a voicemail message confirming my appointment is on schedule and to call if I needed to cancel the appointment. .On the day of my appointment, I showed up a little earlier than my appointed time. After waiting for about 15 min, the staff finally informed me that the doctor was sick and that I was one of the unfortunate few who did not receive a phone call for cancellation. They then asked me to reschedule and the next available appointment is October 23rd!!! I told the staff that I had been waiting in pain since July and I really need to see the doctor sooner than that. They told me they would check and get back to me. On my way home, someone at their office called and asked me to come back the following Wednesday (9/18/13) at 1130 AM. .This morning, I decided to call their office to confirm my appointment after what had happened last week. I had to take time off of work to make these appointments so I wanted to make sure this appointment won't be a waste of my time like the last one. This time however, they said I'm not even on their appointment book and my appointment is set for October 23rd!!! This is way too ridiculous!!!!!.If the doctor cancels an appointment, shouldn't he/she be obligated to make it up within a few days? The staff is so unorganized for failing to contact  me regarding the cancellation when the doctor was sick. And once again, for failing to put me on their appointment book. Do they think we have all the time in the world to wait around??? Very angry and disappointed at their lack of professionalism. I would not return nor would I recommend Dr. Mandel and his staff to anyone.	8 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mNQrggKOUBLQ0R49SMnGcw	I went in to see my family doctor because I thought had damaged my toe. .The doctor was great. He took a look and assured me that I was fine. I waited for about 10 minutes in the waiting room and spent about 5 minutes with the doctor..Two months later I got a bill of $30 for copay, which is absolutely reasonable. However, I got a separate bill in the mail from UCI Medical Center telling me to pay $65 for clinical service. I thought, what clinical service, since no test was performed and the doctor barely examined me. I called the billing department and found out the charge was for USING THE EXAMINATION ROOM!!?? Seriously, it's like going to a restaurant having to pay for food, but when the bill comes they charge you for using the tables. If I knew I was going to get charged for being examined in a room, I would've let me examine me in the parking lot or the lobby to avoid the ridiculous charge. .I will never return to any of UCI's medical facilities.	16 4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tzFgLhZr5zRnqxSjD9yvTw	I was shocked to see how dirty the lab at Gottschalk Medical Plaza was. Papers were all over the floor, 2 poodles (not service dogs) came in with a patient, the toilet had not been flushed. All of this was in the area for blood and urine tests. There was nothing sanitary about this lab. I wonder if there are any standards for sanitary conditions.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OG-jvL-Y9JUZ5_qcWTS1IA	The most important aspect is the quality of medical care. Dr Ping Wang (endocrinology) has impressed me thus far - I'll update my review on future visits. But four stars for now. .As for the facilities: .I like that the lab is just downstairs and they send me there just after my appointment..That being said, I waited an hour after my scheduled appt time. I also waited almost 2 months just to get an appointment. But if the medical care is good (the doctor can actually help me) I'll take that over great office staff and a crappy doctor..You have to remember your parking stall number so you don't get a ticket, but at least they have free and easy parking..I don't know anything about billing yet but I've been to another UCI doctor at another facility and their systems are connected so I already had a profile and didn't have to fill out the paperwork again..The best part about UCI is that you can get all your care and specialists through them.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UmaPkm7b1nK5FCRRGpQzTA	This negative review has to do with their billing dept. and not with the doctor we saw..We have been getting harassing calls and letters from collection agencies for over a year now.  They say they've been sending the bill but we never get one, then out of the blue we get a collection call & letter from a collection agency.  .When we call they assure us that they are sending the bill to our home but we've never received one on time yet-only collection agency letters/calls.  The few bills we have received it comes a few days after the collection agency letter??? .We call call UCI complain and pay the bill and verify that our bills are ALL taken care of and that our balance is ZERO.  Yes, they say! .Sure enough, after a few weeks we get another collection agency calls & letters. Same routine, we call UCI they give the same speal, we pay what they say we owe and get clarification that our bill has been taken care of in full. Again, "Oh yes!".Few weeks later, same cycle.  This has been going on for over a year now and we just got another bill when about a month ago the manager assured us that we have NO outstanding bills..Although our doctor's & services are satisfactory, we will NEVER, EVER go back and tell ALL our friends & co-worker NOT to go to UCI Gottschalk Medical. It's been a frustrating nightmare with them..Related depts. like "billing and collection" seem to be clueless about what each other..Someone is dropping the ball somewhere and it's negatively impacting the whole facility.	5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=A_XrPndYMkHTnYisLXKPLg	Bottom-line: this is a bureaucratic and slow-moving facility. If it wasn't for the .fact that it's the closest (by far) medical clinic to my residence, I would never.use it..Outwardly, the place is clean and pleasant. It's easy to reach (on the edge of UCI campus) and there is plenty of parking. Reception areas are just fine. .The biggest problem is the inordinately long (and unpredictable) .delays one has to endure while.waiting to be seen for a *scheduled* appointment. This goes for almost all .physicians here: from GP-s to pediatricians, to specialists. They routinely .and overbook patients. Waits of 1 hour and over are routine. In more than 10 years.of using this facility, myself and family members have seen a number of doctors .at Gottschalk, always with scheduled appointments. And, it is a rare occasionr.whenever the wait is less than 45 minutes.	5 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xFKAuuPi-WimkDAhWNFlNg	We were very disappointed on our first visit but would like to say that when we returned for future visits the care was good. I am aware that healthcare is a tough game and it can go bad at any given moment. I appreciate how they tried to rectify the situation and am still a patient there.	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=og2WoocTv9iHZJOEF3uoPw	I can't believe I didn't know this place was right in my backyard! I came to this urgent care facility for a nasty case of Pink Eye. The entire staff here was so kind and had a sense of urgency that seems to be lacking at most other urgent care offices I have gone to. My whole visit took about 30 minutes. IN and OUT!!!! It was so clean too which made this geramaphobe feel right at home!!!! I will tell EVERYONE I  KNOW about this place! I only wish they were open the typical hours of an urgent care like evenings and weekends. If you can wait it out til they open,it's worth it!!!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E1ecqK2glzf_MAaZlUyjmg	Very good experience.  Dr. Lee was great and very affordable.  Recommend to anyone with or without insurance.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EioBYV0lF-1YdknL1uDWmQ	Great experience, I was visiting from out of town and used yelp and found this location.  The Dr. Lee was friendly and helpful.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kxMnhlbsDap1QhDsLxJFqw	Dr Tom Le and his staff are so kind and make you feel comfortable. Jessica is his assistant who is also pretty awesome too!!! I has no medical insurance at the time and you can't beat a $60.00 exam fee!!! If anyone is ever in need for Urgent Care or even PRIMARY CARE this is the place to go. Dr Le has an excellent bedside manner and he is also a good listener. Thanks you guys for always making me feel comfortable!!!! Now that I have insurance I'm going to make him my primary care physician. See u all soon...... Monique Fechtman		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8aBc51SHv6DUvLAb01fg1w	This is a great facility.  The staff is friendly and knowledgable.  Facility is clean.  I went in for a sore throat and was in an out quickly.  They processing my culture to determine if I had strep while I waited (only about 5 minutes).  The doctor was very caring and good.  I will go here next time I am sick and I highly recommend it.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YC0mdyMVwFT5-8ycrIZBIg	Walked in, filled out a couple of forms, and was seen right away. .Dr. Le and his staff were very informative and professional. .I don't have a single bad thing to say about this amazing center.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rPq5tlqpqBCvS_HV8rg2Gw	I had been sick for a month when I finally went to this Urgent Care facility.  I had been to another Urgent Care and a Minute Clinic.  Both places misdiagnosed and gave me a bunch of prescriptions that cost a fortune, yet did nothing for me.  Coastline Urgent care was different.  I showed up when they opened and was the only one there.  I signed in and was seen within 5 minutes.  The receptionist was kind and the nurse who took my vitals was very compassionate.  He offered me water and reassured me that Dr. Le would help me get better.  Dr. Le saw me within 10 minutes of arriving.  He knew immediately what was wrong and prescribed me new medication.  He was even able to fill two of the prescriptions right on the spot, saving me a lot of money.  I left Coastline Urgent Care having paid only $92 for two prescriptions and my office visit. Minute Clinic charged me over $400 and I did not even get to see an actual doctor (a FNP).  I took the medication as soon as I got home and started to feel better within hours.  After being sick for weeks on end, I had started to lose hope that I would ever feel normal again.  I am so thankful to Dr. Le and Coastline Urgent Care.  This is a first rate facility that is clean/modern and well managed.  Most Urgent Care facilities are depressing and second rate.  Coastline is a cut above all the others.  So glad I found this place.  I hope I never have to go back, but if I get sick again, I will be heading there first.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6fWB3aKuJdmPTV5lTOP7JQ	Nice and clean. Friendly staff. Dr. Lee is thorough and caring. I highly recommend this place.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=21Wa3LGgV9J7eHWzLaH55A	I came here today based on Yelp reviews.  .I needed a new walk-in clinic because the one I had gone to in the past was so awful, I chose to home remedy instead of 2 hour waits and rude service - I'll write them a review next.  .Now, that I have found this place - I can't imagine going anywhere else.  Starting with Office Manager ?Jessica I think it was - friendly and efficient to the nurse - I didn't catch her name - but she asked family history  and I had to say some things about my Father's health history who had recently passed away - and found myself to choke up - she kindly said "Death is hard."  And it was just  a quick comment - but it nice to feel heard and even though I didn't want to be choked up - it made it seem normal and not out of place to be human.  refreshing considering the clinic I had experienced in the past..Then Dr. Le!!! xoxo Just a smart, caring doctor - common sense and efficient and obviously caring.  I was in and out and everyone was so courteous.  I can't say enough about this experience.  After having some bad experiences I just can't believe how wonderful a Doctor's visit can be when you have competent kind people helping you.  thank You!.*****.Been here severall times since -STILL BEST CARE AND MOST COURTEOUS QUALITY PEOPLE!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dDzWIf4JfOo_MnBXbvFHsA	Such a great and efficient place. Very new and clean. They are paper free which minimizes the clutter that you would normally see at a Dr's office and do everything via a computer system/ iPad so your data will never get lost in paperwork. Dr. Le is awesome at explaining your symptoms and exploring the various reasons as to why you may be feeling them. I had blood work done on Tuesday and he called me with my results by Wednesday. The nurse that drew my blood was great too--I didn't feel a thing. A quality staff overall. Highly recommend coming here, they are all so friendly and will take great care of you!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SSWbddI8t4UbLGW7wGBgAA	Found Coastline through . and did not have to wait! The waiting area was very clean and everyone  was professional :) Dr. Le gave me a lot of information on what to do with my cold. Was in an out in less than 45 minutes!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aLJYAUS_vt2Am9ob9v0EAg	This place is fantastic! The staff is super sweet and makes you feel welcome and comfortable when you feel your worst. The doctor is also great and takes his time to make sure you understand what the deal is with your health. Prices for cash patients are more than reasonable and, despite feeling like death, I loved it here :)		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U8QrXO5u7BUz0ci3Q2cd0Q	Great staff. Great doc. Usually hate going to "urgent care" type docs, but this place was different. The staff and doc were pleasant, helpful, polite and great! The office is clean and you dont feel like your going to catch something just by being there. Ill be definitely going back as needed and recommend to my friends and family.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7WNCjKtAVT0OG4LlRfiA-A	clean office. very friendly staff. when you're sick and need help  it's sad when the staff aren't welcoming. but this place was totally different. the front desk was nice, the nurse/medical assistant who checked my temp and blood pressure was nice as well as the doctor. will definitely come here again.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sh-AMRBGZaobUyMP6jm9Hg	Dr Tom and his staff made me feel at ease and were very professional in their practice.  This is my go-to doctor from now on, and will recommend to all my friends and relatives.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3JmDLNrq3T1ksigCIO3EAg	U should always use Yelp!  It's so accurate!  Finally after going to other walk ins, I found a dr and staff ready to help me get better.  They care that you don't feel well and listen to all your symptoms and prescribe accurately.  Try this place!  You will be glad you did!	1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t6XhrfK4jz0vAwVqEW7pLg	Highly recommend this place! Friendly and professional staff, the facility is modern and very clean. I was in and out in less than 30 minutes (not sure if this is everyday). Doctor is professional and was seemed very concern for your wellbeing.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RdCPIuUd2iDvCZGkJhy86w	Dr. Le used to be at a clinic in Encino, and once I saw him I did not ever want to go to another doctor.  It is so rare these days to find a doctor that actually seems like he cares about finding a solution to your problem as opposed to simply giving you something to cover up the symptom.  When I found out he was no longer in Encino, I searched for him and found him in Santa Ana at his own practice.  Orange County people rejoice!!  Dr. Le is so wonderful that I drove down there to see him.  As long as I live here Dr. Le will be my doctor.  His new facility is beautiful and clean, the staff is wonderful, Dr. Le never blows off a patient...I am so thankful to have him as my doctor.    If you live anywhere near this facility or work near this area I would recommend giving Dr. Le a chance at your business.  It is so difficult to find someone who genuinely cares about you as a person when it comes to healthcare.  Dr. Le is a rare and wonderful find.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Wt-xcc_Rmb5fvV50VbSbJg	I've been here a few times and the service is excellent! Hector the nurse has helped me multiple times and possesses a great welcoming personality. And Thankyou Dr. Le for your help your a very helpful person and who knows there stuff Thankyou and I appreciate the help for all my troubles!	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZscICeyNxCyyyIoxJEWhFg	Beautiful and clean. Very professional staff.  Happy to have a reliable urgent care around the area.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dFFyfzy3Q-FClMXRwGreig	I've never written a negative review before.  I waited 6 weeks to see Dr. Mai on a friend's recommendation.  I called the office 25 min before my first appointment and staff said she was ontime.  After waiting ONE HOUR, staff told me she was with a patient, and still had another one to see before me. They could not give me any idea how long it would take to get to me.  !!??  Neither Dr. Mai nor the staff were apologetic.  The staff just said: She spends the time she needs with patients.  That's great, but then they should schedule accordingly. .I have never walked out of on a doctor's appointment, but I did this time -- and went across the street to a lovely doctor who saw me within 5 minutes of my appointment.  .Unless Dr. Mai has magical healing powers, I can't imagine why people with full lives put up with this disrespectful service.  I should have listened to the other reviews saying similar things -- I just thought they were difficult people, but now I know they were the reasonable ones.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lxvVnNWEqR4bV5ZGuQiRkw	I'm not neccesarily a "fan" of visiting any doctor, but Dr. Mai made it a very easy, and comfortable experience. As comfortable as you can be when you are having your annual women's exam. .I had no problem on the phone when I was making an appointment, but I did schedule it 3 months ahead since Dr. Mai seemed pretty busy in the summer time. .The staff was friendly, and Dr. Mai was warm, personable, and professional. She knows how to communicate with patients, and encourages questions. I also like how you can get all of your test results via online; which makes it very easy since I'm always on the internet. .Overall, I find this kind of weird that I'm reviewing my obgyn doctor on Yelp.	3 2 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TKhsQs07nL6y0eoIEHmGrA	I've been a patient of Dr. Mai for many years, and have always received exceptional care. She is very thorough and really makes an effort to provide top notch service to every patient.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dJcnlvBUW8cg3Uj4Ft1M0w	The one-star reviews are spot on - if I could give a negative star about this doctor, I would.  She has been my primary HMO doctor for 11years, but I've only seen her two to three times total, which means she has made over $10,000 on me for nothing because HMO docs are paid by the insurance company just for having you in their roster.  I had a 9:30 appointment today and wasn't brought into the exam room until 10:20!  At 45 mins past my appt time, I asked the receptionist how much longer it would be.  I was told the nurse was getting something out of the dr's car and that I would be brought back when she returned.  I then asked whether the dr. always ran that behind, and was told she always runs a little late, to which I responded that 45 mins to an hour is not a little behind.  When I finally saw Dr. Mai, rather than apologize for the wait, she lectured me on how awful I was for complaining about the wait, and proceeded to tell me that with such a good Dr. As herself, people could expect to wait two hours.  I told her that has not been my experience with any of the multiple doctors my kids and I see, and that if she knows she runs late, her staff should learn to schedule properly.  She then fired me as a patient and refused to order blood work for me, which was the whole point of the visit, despite having me wait in her waiting room for almost an hour!  I have never encountered a more self-important "doctor" and lousy staff, whose only purpose is to make money by over-booking.  (This review was written by a woman -Scott's wife.)	12 1 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xeKm8YuDRsuvLX-_q6lREA	Before finding Dr. Mai, my general practitioner was another doctor who I grew to dread going to see. The experience would begin with a disinterested, frowning receptionist, followed by a long wait and then a march off to the scale with a nurse who seemed actively hostile. This would then be followed by another long wait, then a very brief visit by the distracted-seeming doctor, who (while at least not hostile like the rest of the staff) didn't seem at all interested in me as a human being, didn't give any details about procedures or results even if asked, prescribed treatments that my doctor sister said were highly questionable, and didn't make conversation. I was coming due for a fun test that we women have to get once a year, and was NOT going to do it again with this doctor (shocking discomfort and pain! At least buy me dinner first!).So, anyway, through some poking around online I found Dr. Mai, who has renewed my faith in medical practitioners. She is kind, friendly, knowledgeable, very thorough in her discussion of procedures and results, actively encourages questions, makes conversation and actually seems to care about me as an individual person. She sends test results very promptly and readily offers to refer to second opinions if desired. The receptionist and the staff in the office also actually make eye contact and smile! Shocking again - but in a good way this time.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iH2KeVs_mKUqivL7nrIfXA	I LOVE DR.MAI! shes been my doctor since i first moved to california from the east coast. she is super patient, personable & caring!!!! i absolutely love her & refer her to anyone looking for a doctor!!!!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OBZiKuyIhNULVo4p1vEstA	One of the worst experiences ever!.I was referred to Dr. Mai by a good friend of mine and was looking forward to being able to see a professional female physician near my home.  Unfortunately, she and her staff were THE most unprofessional people I have ever encountered in the medical industry.  Dr. Mai's receptionist was extremely rude and unfriendly.  I waited for almost an hour in her waiting area and when I approached the receptionist to ask how much longer my wait would be, her response was that my wait time did not begin until after my paper work was filled out and entered in to the computer.  I told her that I had arrived 15 minutes before my appointment time and completed my paper work which still left 45 minutes of wait time in her waiting area.  She then proceeded to type a message in her computer, that was apparently going to the examination room where Dr. Mai was, to ask her how long my wait would be.  A minute later she responded that Dr. Mai was with other patients who "had issues" and did not know how long the wait would be.  I told her that I had been waiting for almost an hour and needed to know if I would be out in time to pick up my children, which was an hour away.  She proceeded to type another message in the computer to Dr. Mai who then responded through the computer that she had no way of knowing how long her current patients would be.  The receptionist said that I could reschedule if I couldn't wait.  I let her know that I made arrangements in my schedule to be there and found it extremely unprofessional that I was being told to reschedule or wait for some indefinite period of time after already having waited for one hour.  The receptionist then proceeded to type in her computer yet again which finally prompted Dr. Mai to magically appear out of her room.  (I find it interesting that she was so busy dealing with important patients yet still had time to sit in front of a computer and exchange messages with her receptionist.)  Dr. Mai proceeded to tell me that she had two elderly patients in a room that had "a lot to talk to her about" and she did not have any idea how much longer it would be.  She let me know that if I didn't want to reschedule and "I was the type of person who had a tight schedule" and could not wait, than I wasn't the "right fit" for her office and "I could find another doctor".   Never in my life have I EVER encountered a professional like that.  I have two children who see doctors in one of the most popular offices in Newport Beach and they have never had to wait as long as I did, even during the height of flu season.  Dr. Mai and her staff's behavior and demeanor were, in my eyes, completely inexcusable and unprofessional.  I would never recommend her to anyone.  I wasted an entire afternoon sitting in her office.	32 3 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zSSdv8lZHhi0oTtgI5hWVA	Very sweet, personable, and fun Dr! She is very popular and booked out far in advance, but she is well worth the wait.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=p2Pa3POwl_y_Au6vHzRxYQ	I have been dr. Mai's patient for seven years.  There were bad moments, such as long waits or a rude nurse (should be fired!) but the overall experience was excellent.  Ann  is very nice and polite, and her very presence helps you to feel better.  She is a no-nonsense user of various online services and you can complete a lot of tasks online.  For instance, you can order refills online and she sends your prescriptions via internet to your pharmacy that subsequently calls you.  Great doctor, well organized office.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=38mxl-gMtbWfcL6_81rgRw	Love Dr Kurtzman and his team! And LOVE Jeanine!! I found out at 28 weeks that my baby had fallen from the 52nd percentile to the 5th percentile and managed to get an appt with Dr. Galyon and Dr. Kurtzman. Jeanine was so sweet and did everything she could to get me in as a new patient. Dr. Galyon did a thorough examination and I also got NST monitoring during week 29. I had a few issues that the doctors identified of which Dr. Kurtzman said I had to go to the hospital, get my steroids and be monitored there since I was showing signs of preterm labor. So glad we visited because I was able to keep my son in for another 4 weeks. He was born at 33 weeks, 3.3lbs but otherwise perfectly healthy. And as it turns out he had an insufficient placenta and hypercoiled umbilical cord which put him at risk of stillbirth had I not been properly monitored. A BIG THANK YOU to Jeanine, Dr. Kurtzman, Dr. Galyon, the the rest of the team!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cm6jJpTUxl-3uyz_6PVyaA	I cannot say enough wonderful things about my experience at OCMFM. Dr Kurtzman and his staff are in a league of their own. I had been to another perinatologist office with my second pregnancy, it was not a good experience.  So when my OB said that I had some complications that needed the care of a specialist during my third pregnancy I demanded a referral to another office. She recommended Dr. Kurtzman and it was a great experience from the first phone call till my last fetal monitoring before my daughter's birth. . It can be very scary to hear that there are complications during a pregnancy. It was comforting to know that I was being monitored with great detail and care. During my 28th week they noticed a situation with the babies heart. Even though I was being seen for a different complication they made sure that everything was constantly being checked. It turned out my daughter had a congenital heart defect that is typically only uncovered after birth. We were fortunate to find out before and in doing so changed our birth plan and hospital so that our daughter could have the best possible team around her after she was born. She had surgery five days after birth at CHOC and I am happy to say at four months she is thriving. I am forever grateful for the care we received at OCMFM, I don't think you could find better office in Orange County!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kX66lhla2B9zdujt2G-KJA	Dr. Kurtzman and his staff are awesome. My wife was able to deliver a healthy baby boy with his help. Thank you for everything Dr. Kurtzman and staff, we will be visiting soon.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1kkRIoRh2mxuEqBBKnuUvQ	Dr. Kurtzman and all of his staff were amazing! We had our NT scan yesterday for our first pregnancy. Shannon performed our ultrasound first and was very sweet and explained everything she was doing. Dr Kurtzman was very thorough with his exam and gave us peace of mind with everything! The entire staff from front to back was great and we are looking forward to our next appointment!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Er5kkscDK4y0kcAyvrCbJw	If you're looking for a great perinatologist, Dr. Kurtzman is it! From the very beginning he and his staff have been very helpful and kind. Jeanine especially took a lot of time to talk to me on the phone and again at my first appointment to recommend some good obstetricians in the area. She is the sweetest! Dr. Kurtzman knows his stuff and is very thorough. I love his laugh! It always puts a smile on my face during my appointments. :) The office is very clean and relaxing, and the staff is awesome. I always leave feeling more at ease. I'm thankful they took me in to monitor my health and my baby's. I feel it has been a blessing.	10 3 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PwbgCY8bKRmwllWsTFjuNA	Let me first start out by saying if I could give Dr. Kurtzman and his practice 10 stars, I would.  He has such a great bedside manner.  He's sweet, compassionate, and passionate about what he does, and he has the most infectious laugh!  He really cares about about is patients, and is always available when you need him.  Dr. Kurtzman was aggressive in his approach and saved my pregnancy early on, because my cervix was opening too soon.  He was gentle in his approach, always looked on the bright side, and always had a plan for everything. Thanks to him, I now have a healthy, baby boy!  Also, let me mention that his practice is beautiful, and like others have said, it's very spa like and calming.  The front office staff to the sonographers, as well as, the other girls in the back, are so sweet and always cheering the patients on.  I was actually sad to leave Dr. Kurtzman and his class, act practice.  If you are a high risk pregnancy and want a doctor who is a leader in his field, Dr. Kurtzman is the doctor to see!  You rock, Dr. Kurtzman!!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PN8Xtuz12zFuzbyXiSlRWA	My IVF Doctor referred me to Dr. Kurtzman because I had a short cervix that may lead to preterm labor. From the very beginning Dr. Kurtzman was very attentive, kind, patience, and took his time answering all my questions. He understood that I was very nervous about this pregnancy, especially losing my twins to preterm labor prior. Dr. Kurtzman and his staff are wonderful. They truly care about you and your baby. I'm happy to say I was able to give birth to a beautiful and healthy baby girl all thanks to Dr. Kurtzman.	6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qCj-O2yMs3S_WdNP6dql7w	Dr. Kurtzman for me is an angel send from my little angel up in heaven. After having a stillborn baby on oct 2015 due to severe preeclampsia that unfortunately it wasn't detected on time. I got pregnant 45 days after i delivered my little angel.  it took my husband and i to conceived our little angel 4 years. So we were surprised we got pregnant right away. We found about Dr. Kurtzman through a girl I've never even seen again i met her at my hair stylist she told me about him i took his info without knowing i was already pregnant wow. When we found out i was pregnant i did alot of research of the best high risk doctor in Orange County . I search Dr. Kurtzman i read nothing but good reviews and told my husband lets give it a try. Well as soon we met him we knew he was going to bring hope in our hearts again. every doctor appointment with him was good news absolutely every ultrasound was our Baby is doing great. i thank god he was put in our life's thank you Dr Kurtzman and all of his  staff are the best at what they do this is a professional medical office all you see its beautiful pregnant women with a happy face coming out of his office. Our rainbow baby was born aug 2016 thanks to everyone at Oc maternal we appreciate you all	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BhetN8n1KrbfJh1MxU8Cmw	Dr. Kurtzman is an extraordinary & brilliant individual!!!  He is extremely thorough & communicates every bit of the process with you regardless of the outcome of situation. You're in safe hands under Dr. Kurtman's care!!!.His office is conveniently located in Irvine. The decor is out of this world!!! The office is like a spa like environment.  There's bottled water & yummy dark chocolate covered granola bars for you to snack on as you wait for your appointment..I refuse to be seen by any other periantoligist & will make sure Dr. Kurtzman is my Dr. for all of my future pregnancies..Also, Dr. Kurtzman's office referred me to my current OBGYN; whom delivered my 1st baby.  I refuse to have anyone else deliver any of my future pregnancies by anyone else.  All in all, I am extremely lucky to have found Dr. Kurtzman as he took great care of me & my baby & also lead me to a fabulous OBGYN	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M1KLK3qYM9hae_FCPu3UqQ	If you need to see a perinatologist for your pregnancy I highly recommend Dr Kurtzman here at ocmfm! The ambiance is very spa like and not at all like a typical doctor's office - beautifully decorated, there are chaise lounges, granola bars, bottled water, and tranquil music while you wait. It's the perfect setting for us high risk pregnant patients! .Most importantly though, Dr. Kurtzman is very knowledgeable  (Read some of his publications they are impressive) and personable. Going through a high risk pregnancy is NOT easy, but he talked my husband and I through every appointment and was just genuinely a nice person. You can tell he cares about all of his patients and cares to know all of their cases. Your baby is very much in good hands here..On top of that, there's hardly ever a more than 5 minute wait!	8 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MkcEuFP9gb0obBWlqDqwjA	I rarely write reviews but I feel Dr Kurtzman and everyone at OCMFM is deserving of this review. From the moment you walk into their office to the moment you leave, you will be blown away at the five star treatment they give to their patients. You do not feel like you are walking into a typical medical office but rather a gorgeous upscale day spa. The whole office is beautifully decorated with the theme of not using anything that may look clinical in the hopes of calming their patients who may be dealing with stressful and delicate situations. They use cozy blankets, real pillows and good quality towels instead of those clinical paper cover ups. Jeannine is behind all the decorating and does an outstanding job of running the entire place efficiently. She is a perfectionist and she has the most welcoming and warmest personality.  .With multiple miscarriages and years of infertility under our belts, you can imagine our stress and trepidation in the beginning months. Dr Kurtzman and his team made what would normally be a stressful process to that of an experience that was enjoyable and reassuring. We have some great doctors in our area but Dr Kurtzman is an EXCEPTIONAL doctor on so many levels. He really cares for his patients in the utmost compassionate way, everything from his infectious laugh to the feeling you get when you leave his office that you are in the best of hands possible. They monitored me very closely and they always err on the side of caution. Dr Kurtzman truly loves what he does and his entire team mirrors the exact same sentiment. .With a couple days away from our due date, my husband and I are forever grateful to Dr Kurtzman and the entire team at OCMFM for their care!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rADw5LwAzTbXXHkeTB-6dw	I am so grateful to have been referred to Dr. Kurtzman's office for my current pregnancy! On my first visit here, Dr. Kurtzman and his staff found that I was basically going into labor due to cervix issues. He sent me to the hospital that same day and came to the hospital the same night to place an emergency cerclage. He even stayed after surgery (well after midnight) to address concerns and questions that my husband and I had. Dr. Kurtzman is an AMAZING doctor, who is extremely knowledgeable in his field, he is also very personable and patient!.I've been under Dr. Kurtzman's care since and can not say enough about him and the staff at his office. Everyone there is kind, caring, professional, and very knowledgeable! I just feel so blessed to be under him and his staffs care. I have since carried the baby to full term (from 22 weeks to 39 weeks)! I am just so thankful to have come to this place. I would highly recommend Dr. Kurtzman to anyone that needs a perinatologist.	10 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=AUEguNRqPI4Q7x6ZcDxX0A	Dr. Kurtzman and his team at OC Maternal-Fetal Medicine are AMAZING!!! I found them because I found out I was pregnant and didn't know where or how to find the best doctor, so I came to YELP to find the highest rated OBGYN around in order to assist me. When I initially called them their wonderful staff were so friendly on the phone and told me that I called a high-risk pregnancy doctor and not a regular OBGYN. But they didn't leave me hanging when they could have just told me to start somewhere else, instead, they went above and beyond to ask me all these questions about me, what kind of care I needed and what type of doctor I wanted. They then helped me figure out which hospital would be the best and they helped me find my regular OBGYN Dr. Strachan who fell under my insurance. The gal spent at least 30 minutes with me on the phone going through everything with me to help me figure out where to begin since I am a first time Mom. Then I asked them how I could re-pay them for all their kindness even though Dr. Kurtzman was not going to be my regular doctor. They recommended that I get all of my "scans" (ultrasounds) done at their office. .I took their advice and have had all my ultrasounds done at their super gorgeous, model-home looking office. Dr. Kurtzman and his staff have been treating me as a 5-star patient even though he is not my regular doctor. He is a specialist in his field of high-risk pregnancies! I loved that he spent time with me in doing my ultra sounds and his office was so accommodating I was able to bring in my whole family to observe the ultra sound! It was wonderful to know that he was there to assist me and tell me my prognosis as he personally conducted each ultra sound. It was easier this way, because then I was able to know the results right then and there from a doctor instead of waiting for the lab to send my other doctor all my results. I would DEFINITELY recommend Dr. Kurtzman and his staff at OC Maternal and Fetal Medicine!!! I was beyond happy with the care I received at his office!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ciMG3ol9RtypejhhKDq9-Q	Dr. James Kurtzman is the best MFM! Pretty strong statement, I know. He not only saved my babies but he also helped bring them into the world. I was a twin pregnancy (already high risk) with preterm contractions that would send me to L&D, so we were in the office weekly. Dr. Kurtzman took an aggressive approach to slowing/stopping my contractions and it allowed me to carry my sons to just past 33 weeks. Such a blessing!.Dr. Kurtzman could teach a class in bedside manner as he sets a high standard in patient care. He is personable, his smile is genuine, he gets excited when you hit milestones and he has the most infectious laugh. Dr. Kurtzman was with me every step of the way during my pregnancy. When I called him at 2am just to let him know we were in labor, he not only answered but also asked if I wanted him to come to the hospital. He was there in 20 minutes and helped deliver my babies. Dr. Kurtzman, the man who kept them safe, was one of the first people my sons saw when they entered the world and I couldn't have been happier. .Let me not fail to mention the wonderful staff that serves as the glue to this practice. Janine (sp), the office manager, is warm, supportive and a wealth of knowledge (recommendations for OBs and pediatricians). The technicians and front office staff are all very kind and great at what they do. They saw me through a very difficult and trying pregnancy and I am grateful to have had them there for us. .I recommend Dr. Kurtzman above all else and credit him with the safe arrival of our healthy, happy and beautiful baby boys. .I just realized I failed to mention the actual office and that's because the people who work there outshine the immaculate and serene decor. OC Maternal-Fetal Medicine is the epitome of perfection. It has a heart of gold (the staff) and is beautiful on the outside (the office). I am forever indebted to them.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oiPbzkD3Vb6UHuKnEy1q0w	If I could give 10 stars, I would. Dr.Kurtzman and his staff have this customer service mentality that is different from any other provider. The office is very nice. They even have snacks and water bottles out for the patients. Dr. Kurtzman is very very thorough and explains everything even if he doesn't need to to give his patients the full background and knowledge. He is simply the best and you will find nobody better in this field.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=K21sr2MUXpOqxuTtycvb3g	Dr Kurtzman is AMAZING to say the least!He is very thorough and explains all the possibilities,has great bedside manners,listens patiently and offers valuable feedback!He is highly dedicated and has always helped me during emergencies. He also opened his office late on a friday(his day off!) just to give me timely care!!!!(thanks a ton for that!).His office environment is so calming! I always felt pampered through every visit of my prenatal care!He has a wonderful staff! Jeanine at the front desk was always so nice and warm to us! His technicians Komal and Suzanne ( they were the ones who usually scanned me)were fabulous!They always made sure that both me and my husband felt comfortable!.I highly recommend Dr Kurtzman to anyone who wants a professional yet personable care!	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wIUZ_yY7Og0b_ioN_fXXWw	I cannot say enough wonderful things about Dr Krutzman and his office staff. I first met him 2 years ago with my first pregnancy. There was an abnormal US during my anatomy scan and my OB rec me to see him. After doing a very intensive US himself, Dr krutzman took the time to explain to my husband what the issue was and it was not a long term issue. We felt like a weight was lifted off our shoulders. During this pregnancy, I had some end term complications. BC of this, I started my NST with OCMFM at 28 weeks with my second pregnancies. Everyone that you meet is so welcoming, knowledgable and genuinely cares about you. Going twice a week for almost 12 weeks really let's you know what the office/ practice is all about. Not one time did I feel rushed or that my questions were not answered.  I actually felt sad saying good bye to everyone at my last apt. Dr Krutzman is an amazing dr and staff are knowledgable and wonderful people! If we are lucky to have a third, I will be seeing Dr Krutzman again :)! .Forgot to mention the office looks straight out of restoration hardware catalog. With waters and blankets for all the patients. .If I could give more than 5 stars I would! Best office around!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3lf6B9aUvBAxaSfz0rNR0A	Love this place. The staff. The Dr., the decorating & the massage chairs for fetal monitoring.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZGvAk4qW0Izn4G_NTcZTHQ	Exceptional care. .5 star ambiance..Dr. Kurtzman is affable, kind, and direct - also a leader in his field..Highly recommend.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-JYQvQwY0HlsFfD9F-cjWQ	My Doctor recommended Dr. K to me and I'm soo happy she did.. First their office is like a spa.. So comfortable and calming, each room has a large TV that shows the untra sound.. The Dr. And nurses are amazing!!!! Also we were not very far along and he was able to tell us that we were having a girl !!! I would recommend this office to everyone prego	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=j9Bewm6tTcVejC7mvlyAYw	I did have a positive experience the first time I seen Dr Mai but then it all went down hill.  The nursing staff is very unprofessional.  Dr Mai seems to always be in a hurry and does not seem to have you in her best interest.  Called the office because I was have some adverse affects after taking an antibiotic leaving two messages, no one called me back.  Do not waste your time.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HnQMM-kTOrHShKSW3cZ5WA	It's very hard to get in, so when you need help you end up being referred, or you see a nurse practitioner (she was a nice lady) or a locum.  And you are lucky if you do see someone else, because I don't think Dr. Mai likes being a doctor any more: she doesn't seem to want to touch her patients, scolds you for asking for anything that involves paperwork, or demands to see you and then spends the entire appointment berating you (for admin stuff, not medical) with no exam at all!  She will tell you how popular she is, and how all the other doctors want her as their doctor, and you are fortunate that she hasn't fired you yet.  I should have figured all of this out at my first appointment, where she spent twice as long talking to me about her children's schools (after she found out I was an educator) than she did talking about my health concerns.	8 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZWumPQuHVR66w_m1Khn5-g	I read great reviews about Dr.Mai and thought my wife and I would make an appointment with her. After waiting 3 months for a visit, we where seen by Dr.Mai. Dr. Mai is very smart, however, after our first initial visits there, we fell into situations in which a patient would need their doctor and we were treated like clients and not patients. Everything had a fee whether it was calling in a prescription or a second copy of lab, you had to pay the same price that you pay to see the physician for any help outside a visit.  When my wife was sick and tried making an appointment, Dr Mai was out of town.The office was able to contact her to send a prescription but they wanted to charge a fee to send to the pharmacy(Keep in mind she was out of town and unable to see her).We feel that we couldn't contact Dr.Mai office for any help as our doctor in fear of getting charged if we need anything..Oh I forgot to mention that even if I wanted to pick up the second lab or prescription there was still a charge. They stated that the fees was with our initial paperwork, but you would ever think that a doctors office would charge even if the doctor is out and your are sick.	6	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qMD_M3cZOEAkl9ZpdtyEUw	If I could give zero or negative stars, I would. If you are a new patient, do not go here. .1) You have to wait more than an hour to see your doctor.2) Your first appointment will be two to three months away.3) When you are actually sick, they'll send you to urgent care.4) Two out of three staff were consistently rude to me and actually started lecturing me when I told her I did not want a PAP smear. (What's the deal? Most people get their PAP smear done by their OBGYN's. I don't understand why she continued to make such a big deal about it. She's obviously not a very happy person.).5) Basically told me to get a new name because my name is Asian and she could not pronounce it. .Please don't waste your time here.	9 3 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_41GokOn7JITpgCnFuqFYA	Dr. Mai is hands down, the best doctor I have ever been seen by! .I had been having less than warm fuzzy feelings for my previous doctor of 5+ years after feeling like I was being judged and reprimanded every time I asked for any type of medical advice. A few of my coworkers were patients of Dr. Mai and had nothing but nice things to say about her. I took the plunge and made the switch!.Office is small, clean and the office staff is extremely friendly. I've never had to wait very long in the waiting room, or exam room for that matter. Dr. Mai is warm and friendly, yet completely professional and very knowledgeable. Her tech savvy approach makes things super simple- requesting an appointment, refilling a prescription, asking a question, viewing lab results, etc. She is thorough, uses common sense instead of a '1 size fits all' approach, and explains things clearly and concisely. I never leave feeling rushed, or like I didn't get the answer I came in for. All the usual things I loathe when making a doctor's appointment don't seem to be an issue anymore- I couldn't be happier!	2 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XOIr1qUKJbUL4ujMaleyRA	I found Dr Mai here on Yelp. I was very impressed by the reviews she had here. I figured I had nothing to lose since the OB/GYN I saw last May was terrible (I felt like a number there, was rushed wham-bam-thank you m'am style and even had a billing issue that's STILL not resolved) and the family doc I saw last Feb was awful as well (over 2 hour wait that the doctor laughed about when I finally got back to see him)..I booked my appointment back in March since I knew it would take a while to get in. I kept thinking, I hope the wait it worth it. I filled out all of the paperwork ahead of time to save myself time..I found the office with no problem and I was early since I was coming from close by, at work. I got in, signed in, turned in all my paperwork, paid my copay, used the restroom and they took me right back. I was expecting to wait since I was 30 minutes early. .The office is small but very clean. .Height, weight, blood pressure, all the normal jazz and I was told to change and wait for doc, she'd be in soon. I didn't have too long of a wait... Maybe 15 minutes at the most. Again, since I was so early I was expecting to wait much more..Dr Mai came in and right away apologized for the wait I had. She was very personable. And someone else on here said she's hot... Heck yes she is! She really took the time to get to know a bit more about me, my husband, our family. I really appreciated that. .She apologized for the wait from booking the appointment to seeing her but she explained that she likes to be able to spend time getting to know her long term patients. She stressed several times that she really got into practice to help people long term and be there for them..She spent about an hour with me going over my health history, the exam and answering any and all questions I had. I really felt like a patient and not just a number..She asked if my husband has a family doc (she I mentioned our terrible experience) and said he could book an appointment there. She mentioned they do have a male doc on staff for folks not comfortable seeing a female. I'll be booking him an appointment soon. .I feel like I've found a doc that genuinely cares for the people she's treating... I am excited at the prospect of seeing here again next year! I'm very excited at the prospect of working with her when I'm ready to go off of my birth control and start family planning.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=AoK2FxVNt27SleYche0xgA	Being a first time patient here means you must wait over a month to get your first appt. As you become more of a regular patient, more appts will become available for you. (This according to Dr. Mai).My first visit was pretty good despite the month long wait. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly. But then again, I was the first appt of the day. Dr. Mai herself was also very friendly and personable. .I'm giving her office a 3-star for several reasons. 1) The office hours are not very accommodating to people who work weekdays. I wish they were open on Saturdays. 2) I recently called into the office to address a medication mix-up and the person who answered the phone, PAT, was completely rude and condescending. I was given a different medication and needed to speak to Dr. Mai regarding the changes and how to make the transition. This Pat had the nerves to tell me, "Well, isn't there instructions on the packet? Doesn't it tell you how to take it?" Well no duh sherlock. I know how to pop a pill in my mouth. She was completely unhelpful and had such a bad attitude. .Dr. Mai eventually called me back and helped me solve this confusion. Thank goodness.	11 2 2	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=e-5rPyejoNnqrVD0UpC8Ow	After waiting one month for an initial appointment, I finally met Dr. Mai, and I can wholeheartedly say she was worth the wait.  I've been bouncing around from doctor to doctor ever since I graduated (the student health center was really nice!) and I'm happy to find stability at last at Dr. Mai's office. .She gets her patients, and is very welcoming and approachable.  I was very comfortable talking to her about my concerns and honestly never felt rushed at any time during the appointment.  .I also like how she has an extremely informative website where you can contact her for non-emergency issues.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=b5UxCvFPKA49w6Wf_4J1dQ	Hands down, worst doctor I've ever had.  I'd give a "zero" if it were an option.  I went to her after reading positive reviews on Yelp, and I totally regret it.  After she became my doctor, I called her because I was vomiting, could not get out of bed without falling down, and felt worse than I'd ever felt in my life, and she told me to just get out of bed and not have a "pity party."  I ended up trying to force it, and got more sick than ever.  She typically will not talk to you on the phone--even if it saves you a trip to see her (and in fact should go to the ER).  The one time she did call me after I talked to her staff and insisted on talking to the doctor, Dr. Mai was obviously annoyed and totally unhelpful--for example, in talking about my illness she started listing symptoms I don't even have. The worst part was her hostile tone; it's like I was talking to a frenemy, rather than an actual physician.  Not ideal when you feel totally sick.  I don't call for my doctor's help often, but when I do, I hope to get some kind of help or at least someone who sounds like they care in the slightest--not the case with her. I plan to switch doctors immediately.  Also, her staff is NOT helpful, and also downright unkind.  There was one nurse practitioner there who was nice, but I don't recall  her name.  .If you care about your heath, avoid Dr. Mai.  I regret ever being her patient.   When you are in the unfortunate situation to need the advice of a doctor (like I was), you need a good doctor--or at the very least, one who sounds like they care at all about your health.	10 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZtzMzVoN6gLN8IuiqK_ZVw	I was so frustrated today while waiting almost an hour to even be brought back to the treatment room at Dr. Mai's that I decided to read Dr. Mai's yelp reviews and see if I was the only person who is absolutely disgusted with the wait every time I show up to this office. I became a patient of Dr. Mai's about 7 years ago as both my parents saw her for their primary doctor. I want to say nothing bad about Dr. Mai personally except that the office is run so poorly and never runs on time. So as I am sitting in the treatment room waiting again for at least another 15 minutes (over an hour total, and this wasn't even to see Dr. Mai but it was her NP instead) I read the yelp reviews and decided that even though I do think Dr. Mai and her NP are excellent, I will no longer stand for the ridiculous wait every time I come to this office. Not impressed with the front desk staff at all, so as I sit on my bed at 7:41pm I am happy to say I have gone online to my member services and switched my PCP. I am done and will never have to deal with the hassle of this office again. Thank you very much to Dr. Mai and her amazing NP, such a shame.	7 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2zzZ_dXeaPuQnuUffALTbg	I signed up for Yelp JUST so i can write this review! I just called to make an appointment with Dr. Mai, but the front desk receptionist, Michelle, was SO RUDE.  She felt arguing with me over the phone about my insurance and about what I wanted to get done.  Her attitude was so rude.  She kept saying "Dr. Mai is booked out"  which i have no idea what that even means and when i asked her, she was impatient.  If Dr. Mai wants to have new patients come to her office, i suggest she do something about michelle because i was so mad that i decided not even to come in and see Dr. Mai.  .I wanted to get a general physical without a PAP and a TB test and Michelle kept saying "they are the same thing" and i kept saying, "no its not, i have a gyno already i just want a physical without a pap" and she kept saying, "its the same thing"  SERIOUSLY? i got so annoyed i was like, forget it, I don't want to come in anymore because if i have to interact with this girl again.  I'm gonna lose it! grr. .I'm sure Dr. Mai is great, but she needs new office staff or Dr. Mai needs to talk to her office staff, MICHELLE because when i started to address michelle's impatience and TONE towards me over the phone, she just laughed.... very unprofessional.	12 6 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HoUgyqKjIpJ7vzDQ30_9dQ	I hesitate to give her such a good review because I want her all to myself.  I honestly don't want her to have new patients.  LOL!   Wait times vary because every patient is different and requires more time with her than others but she is sooo worth the wait..I just love Dr. Mai and her staff.  I have never had such excellent quality of medical care.  My husband and I both go to her and love that she uses online communication to her patients.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JfYkdIaQdvXIyhhHwvy73w	Please don't waste your time trying to go to this doctor if you are a new patient.  I scheduled an appointment 2 months in advance with her and a few days before my appointment her office called to say that they had to reschedule b/c she would be out all week.  I asked when the appointment could be rescheduled and they said a month later.  I had already waited 2 months for an appointment and they call me only a few days before to reschedule.  If she was going to be out for the whole week, then isn't this something that is planned ahead of time?  When I spoke to her to see if I could get an earlier appointment, she said her hands were tied and she couldn't do anything, which obviously isn't true.  She's the doctor.  Her attitude was like I am the best thing since slice bread so take it or leave it.  Please save yourself the aggravation and stay away from this practice.	8 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qw_oyp6aDjL10JDgow89hQ	I recently moved to Orange County and was looking for a professional (non-sales-y) and reliable physician. I found Dr. Mai on Yelp and decided to pay her a visit for an overall physical plus OBGYN needs. She exceeded all of my expectations! She is beyond professional and extremely knowledgeable in her field. She takes the time to explain everything and answer any questions, doesn't rush you AT ALL and really tries to get to know her patients personally. I hadn't had a physical exam in some time and she was thorough in making sure to answer and address all of my concerns. She didn't try to sell me the newest product or sneak up any ridiculous fees. The receptionists are very nice ladies and also professional. You can just tell that it is a healthy medical environment and that everyone working there is happy with their job, thus better customer care. .Bottom line, I love, love this place and if I could give it 10 stars, I would! I look forward to continuing to go to Dr. Mai.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CjnD1j3fV5lPTyGMY-WWeA	I have been unsatisfied with my primary care physician of approx. 6 years.  After finding Dr. Mai on Yelp, I decided to switch but was shocked at the long waiting period to see her.  Nevertheless, I switched over and during the course of 1 year, I had seen her associate doctors, as well as my previous Dr. (when I couldn't get a soon enough appt.)  I have PPO, so it wasn't a problem.  .Recently, I had a non-urgent issue so I made an appointment to finally meet Dr. Mai.  All I have to say is that SHE WAS WORTH THE WAIT!  During my appointment, Dr. Mai was super-attentive, understanding, relatable, and patient.  She never once left the room to split time between patients or calls.  That is a huge difference between ex-Dr.-who-shall-not-be-named. .My visit was very thorough and I couldn't have been happier.  I probably had a good 30 min. of undivided attention.  .I also have to say, having seen her associates:  Dr. Wikle and Dr. Bajpai(sp?), they are also EXCELLENT, through, and caring.  I am officially denouncing ex-Dr.'s office!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pO60Q1vO9jlSsxb3DGVaeQ	I've been going to Dr. Mai for a few years, she's fantastic. Hip, young, and really nice. She has a lot of patients so be ready with any questions if you have any. She's really gentle when it comes to the "female annual checkups". When I have an appointment, I usually wait no more that 10-15 minutes. Also, she's wired so all RX's and medical records are electronic. I love how I can ask for a refill, schedule and appointment, or ask the staff a question via a website..Over the weekend, I got really sick and called this morning. She had an appointment same day! I did wait awhile (but heck, can't complain) and she acknowledged she was running behind and got a little inundated with some last minute appointments (like me). She listened to my lungs, got me prescribed and out of there w/in 5 minutes of stepping into the room - awesome. I heart antibiotics!	7 4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=I2fDuBE0R9zaHNa4-IwbnA	I was very displeased with my first visit to this office. After waiting over a month for my first appointment, I was greeted to this awful office. After waiting for an 1 hour, I was taken back to an examination room. After waiting another 15 minuntes, I asked the staff is she always runs this late. They gave me a cury "Yes". I ended up walking out.	4 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cB2314_t5D9IvfrI2cqHhg	Nobody enjoys a visit to the doctors office. Least of all me when I have my annual "womanly" exam. But Dr. Mai is definitelty THE best when it comes to these kinds of exams. Friendly, gentle & efficient. Ladies, she is the cream of the crop! .Dr. Mai was my primary care physician for about 2 years. She is one of the best doctors that I have ever had. She's honest, approachable, and she really does try to get to know you as a person not just a patient. She's young & hip but always professional. I never had any problems trying to get an prescription refill or even an appointment. She does get booked pretty fast though so keep that in mind. .The office is paperless which means everything is done on the computer no actual paper charts which in my opinion is the best way to go. (I work in a M.D.'s office) You can also get lab results, appointments, etc through a website which is convenient. The staff is excellent. Very knowledgeable & eager to help..My only gripe with the office is the wait time. It can be random. I've waited over an hour to 5-10 minutes but I guess that can be attributed to the fact that she is a popular doctor & she sees many patients. She is worth the wait!!!!	4 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=17BMvqJnEhjgvpP9zLo2mQ	Is it weird that I want to be best friends with Dr. Mai??.... SHE IS SOOOOO AMAZING!! i was refered to her by 2 coworkers, and in turn I refered another coworker to her. She is so efficient and organized and never holds back. Always gives you the answers straight. She is BY FAR the best dr. Ive ever had...If you're looking for a gyno, LOOK NO FURTHER, Dr. Ann Mai is the definition of what a Gynecologist should be.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VLV3C-EByWH31G-gItG9jg	Had an 11:30 appointment, but arrived at 11:10. I had already printed off New Patient forms and filled them out before I went in for my appointment, which I recommend-it was a timesaver! Within 5 minutes I was in the exam room, and less than 10 minutes later  Dr. Mai came in. She was super sweet and just gorgeous. My exam went smoothly, and she answered all my questions and offered great suggestions and advice. I didn't feel rushed, but I was back in my car at 11:40 on the dot. I've never had such a fast appointment, and everyone--nurse, receptionist, doctor--were all great. So happy to have found my new doctor!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tbrJqmDkM9kakU-miu8Ngg	Needless to say, our first pregnancy was difficult.  We had encountered all sorts of issues...bad test results, cervix issues, bed rest...luckily, we had Dr. Kurtzman and his staff on our side to help us out.  I can't say enough positive things about the team and how helpful they were.  Dr. Kurtzman always took the time to answer our questions and explain all of the details of what test we were doing and what the results meant.  Dr. Kurtzman and his staff demonstrated extreme professionalism, but also made us feel like a family.  Finally, his office is very well decorated and has a very nice ambiance.  The relaxing atmosphere definitely helps calm you down when times can be stressful, so if you are having issues with your pregnancy, do not hesitate to see him and his staff for help!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=W-1CSd4KjioHXSw7-5ubNg	I was referred to Dr. Kurtzman by my Ob-gyn. Dr. Kurtzman and his staff were warm and kind to my husband and me during every visit. He is very knowledgeable and thorough and took the time to answer all my weird first-time mom questions. I love that the office is decorated more like a spa than a cold medical facility. I will always remember the great experience I had at OCMFM.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mltqfJhg6X5ZmDyteeam_Q	I was referred to Dr. Kurtzman by my regular ob Dr. Ann Marie Raffo because of my prior miscarriages and possible pregnancy complications due to my health issues. I'm so glad she did. Dr. Kurtzman is very competent and he was able to pinpoint the exact cause for miscarrying in my first pregnancy, which sadly ended at 19 weeks. A stitch was then meticulously and securely placed by a skilled hand. As they say the rest is just history.  .As other reviewers stated the office is tastefully decorated. The staff is very friendly and they take very good care of you. All the machines are state of the art. Did I mention they gave me a bathrobe with my son's name monogrammed and Jeannine hand delivered to the hospital. I recommend this practice to anyone who wants to be treated like a real person, even a queen sometimes.	7	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1uLgJWx_BGn6ycImiy8o0A	I loved dr kurtzman and his staff. This is one of the most efficient, professional and friendly offices I've been to. The office is decorated beautifully and the staff always welcomes you with a smile. Dr Kurtzman is extremely knowledgable and has a way of making you feel comfortable. Definitely recommend this office.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lc6GU0rMIVMbJ9q-RSHRiw	To say that Dr. Kurtzman is an excellent perinatologist is an understatement. When I was pregnant with my second child in 2008, I had a preventative cervical cerclage due to an incompetent cervix. The doctor I had at the time was very good and I delivered a healthy baby boy at 39 weeks. When my husband and I tried for our third baby, I found out that my doctor had left his practice and that a new doctor had taken over. I decided to do my own research and find a doctor who specializes in high risk pregnancies. I came across Dr. Kurtzman's name and found out that he not only graduated from a top university (Stanford) and served as a faculty member at several prestigious colleges (including Loma Linda University and UC Irvine), but his research is extensive. More specifically, Dr. Kurtzman specializes in and continues to actively publish articles on the subject of high risk pregnancies, the prevention of preterm labor and cervical malfunction. .Dr. Kurtzman and his staff exceeded my expectations.  From the very first time that I called to make an appointment after finding out I was pregnant in early October to my very last appointment on June 18 (4 days before I gave birth to an 8 lb baby girl at 41 weeks!), I experienced nothing but care, courtesy and professionalism. Due to my high risk condition, I saw Dr. Kurtzman more than my regular OB. As with my son, at 13 weeks of pregnancy I had a cerclage put in, but whereas with my previous cerclage I was feeling heavy pelvic pressure by week 28, this time I experienced no pelvic pressure the entire pregnancy. I also had no bed rest and, other than taking it easy and keeping my activity level to a minimum, I was able to work until the very last week of my pregnancy. I can honestly say that the cerclage Dr. Kurtzman performed is the reason I made it full term (and beyond) and now have my beautiful baby girl. .Throughout my pregnancy I did encounter a few bumps (elevated amniotic fluid, breech position, risk of placenta previa), but Dr. Kurtzman not only diagnosed each one of these conditions early on, he carefully monitored me on a regular basis until I reached full term. Unlike many doctors, he also openly discussed each obstacle I confronted, took the time to explain my options and always remained optimistic.  .In short, you could not ask for a more qualified, precise, thorough and caring doctor. We are so very grateful to have found him.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kP1xlqdYZbcVsPixIwGoIA	Dr. Kurtzman and his staff are simply the best! Their warm and friendly environment made the best of a difficult situation. So happy to have found them and highly recommend them to anyone needing a specialist.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gOUjdKYgxrY4EQD_LnGV1Q	I do not usually review anything. But, I have to review this wonderful office. I started going to this office for my genetic testing. I am so happy that I continued to come for all of my ultra sounds. First, when you walk into the office it is as walking into a very well decorated cozy home you feel so comfortable. Second the rooms and beds are so comfortable, they give you a pillow for your head and a pillow for your legs. Instead of those awful tissue paper blankets you get a cozy blanket to cover yourself. I have never been so comfortable in a doctors office. Third, the nurses are so nice. When they do your ultra sound you can tell they are very knowledgable and they really do care about everyone in the office. Lastly, Dr Kurtzman there is no other word but AWESOME, he is very calm, gives you his time not like other doctors. He always does an additional ultra sound. If you have anything wrong or concerning he  lets you know and gives you all the research behind what he is telling you. I was in the hospital at 32 weeks with contractions. As he is not my primary Obgyn I went to my primary after the hospital. My doctor simply walked in said a couple words told me to be on modified bed rest and walked out. Leaving me with tons of questions and a little scared. Once my visit with Dr Kurtzman he asked me several questions and gave me his opinion and waited till I had no extra questions. He is amazing and you will not regret going to this office.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lMcYwKNQiPLScyZ6JoDVuQ	Dr. Kurtzman is super nice. The office is beautiful. It doesn't feel like your regular doctor's office. It is like you're walking into a spa!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=H6FN-GgaLFQFUywOGzm-dA	From the moment you walk-in to the moment you leave, you are treated like a "Rare Gem." I can not say enough the thanks and gratitude I feel for Dr. Kurtzman and his staff. As a second time mother and with twins, I have never been more comfortable and  treated with caution and an abundance of love for our unborn children. We had a  range of health risk for my self and our babies. This can put any parents fears to reality, but with Dr. Kurtzmans optimism, professional guidance, and quick recommendations to maintain a healthy pregnancy, we made it to 37 weeks delivering a healthy baby boy and baby girl. I would highly recommend everyone who is looking for a exceptional doctor on their new pregnancy journey.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LQVAstXVaR1jgn89k5JsHg	Love, love, LOVE Dr. Kurtzman and his team!  They took such good care of us at each and every visit and throughout my delivery.  We were recommended to Dr. Kurtzman by our midwife (BJ Snell at Beach Cities Midwifery) after discovering our baby was breech.  We had originally planned to have a home based water birth but unfortunately that was not to be.  Dr. Kurtzman and his entire team were very sensitive to our stress and all the emotions surrounding this change in our birth plan.  We attempted an external version at Loma Linda where Dr. K teaches and ended up delivering there as well after my doula saw a c-section mama being wheeled out of surgery with her newborn on her chest.  Skin to skin immediately after delivery was/is of utmost importance to us.  Unfortunately the version was unsuccessful but it was not for lack of effort on Dr. K's part.  Need to write another review on Loma Linda as well, but they took phenomenal care of us too.  .I can't say enough kind words about this team.  I credit them with giving us a beautiful daughter born healthy and without complications, and an opportunity for us to be perfect VBAC candidates.  The quality of care here is top notch!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rtKPtay5WWTFt7DmJRGcxQ	Dr. Kurtzman is one of the nicest doctors I have ever met. He is knowledgeable, kind, and has great bedside manner. Both the doctor and the staff always greet you with a smile and are exceptionally courteous. I wish each and every doctor's office is like this. I highly recommend his practice to those who need an expert perinatologist!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fT43yzCxMh7GosDYo5xNgA	I was one of Dr Kurtzman's first patients at this new practice in Irvine. He's amazingly knowledgeable, patient and attentive. His practice has state of the art technology and you feel that you are in the best of possible hands, not only with him but all of his staff. It's a first class operation and I highly recommend it.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XwsKXXSVDbxMMmqHCR5Q6w	I was referred to Dr. Kurtzman for my 1st trimester screen.  I have never been in such a welcoming, calm, and friendly doctor's office in my life.  All of the staff greeted me warmly, as did Dr. Kurtzman.  The ultrasound tech seemed to be just as excited as I was about seeing my little one moving around in my belly.  I can't say enough good things about OC Maternal-Fetal Medicine!  What a wonderful place!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nHPPtmS3l9XqC72LWGKh3w	I went to Dr. Kurtzman when I had gestational diabetes during my pregnancy. Absolutely one of my favorite Doctors ever! He didn't push anything on me, and was very open to listening to what I have to say and my concerns. He took a real interest in my pregnancy and with his help I was able to stay off medication. I couldn't be any happier with the office staff. And like everyone else has said, you feel like you're in a day spa and not at a doctors office. :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oJqeBHr3KxfFgcBVYKwdOA	This is a review for Dr. James Kurtzman at his Irvine location, OC Maternal-Fetal Medicine..I will start by saying that I never write reviews for doctors.  But going through my first pregnancy, I realized how important these reviews are for other folks out there in search of the very best doctors and medical care.  I did hours of research trying to find the best and often found myself reading reviews online and soliciting information from friends and colleagues.  I hope that you find this review helpful. .Dr. Kurtzman is an outstanding doctor and deserves the absolute highest ratings.  I was diagnosed as a high risk pregnancy early on and was fortunately referred to Dr. K.  This has been a true blessing.  Dr.  K is extremely experienced and professional.  He provides top notch care and has amazing patient interaction skills.  He is professional, experienced, qualified, calm, informative, caring, responsive, on-time, and detailed.  He is also at the top of his field as he continues to hone his skills as a professor at a local medical school.  All qualities you want during your pregnancy.  In addition, he gave my husband and me his undivided attention at each appointment.  He always made himself available to us for questions and promptly returned all calls.  In addition, his office staff, nurses, and technicians are also top notch and provide personalized service.  There are countless times during my pregnancy when Dr. K and his office went above and beyond to provide assistance.  This is a truly rare office that has the best of the best in all categories.  Living in OC, there are many great doctors and patients have many choices.  If you have the opportunity to select Dr. K, then you should.  Without any hesitation, I highly recommend Dr. Kurtzman at OC Maternal-Fetal Medicine.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1xBFJj9EADQ1D7gI7zyEVw	Dr. Kurtzman and his staff are amazing.  I loved going to my appointments here.  First, Dr. Kurtzman is an extremely knowledgeable doctor who took one look at my case (I was high risk) and made sure he did everything he could to monitor the baby.  He's very hands on and doesn't just push everything off to the nurses.  He even reviewed my test results while he was at a work conference.  This put my mind at ease throughout the pregnancy.  I actually went to him with most of my concerns instead of my OB because Dr. Kurtzman was more accessible.  Second, his staff is incredible nice and professional.  All my appointments were on time and the office hums with efficiency.  Finally, the office itself is like a spa.  When I first walked in, I thought I was in the wrong place.  The office looks like a Restoration Hardware store.  It is beautiful.  I ended up have all of my stress tests at Dr. Kurtman's office and I felt like Dr. Kurtzman and the whole staff was my family by the time I graduated.  Thank you Dr. Kurtzman for a wonderful caring experience.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=i8PtL-VozVwIRhiW-mgFtg	Due to past experiences with other P.T. places I was leery to try again. But after reading the great Yelp reviews for In Motion I was ready to try again. What a delightful surprise to find a place that was so careful and knowledgeable in caring for my back problems. .Rachel is my therapist and she is amazing. Besides being an expert therapist she is also supportive, personable and totally professional. .The techs were also supportive, helpful and fun to be around even when they made me do exercises that I didn't want to do! In fact everyone in the studio were friendly and helpful. .I am so grateful for all that Rachel and the staff did to help free me from the intense back pain I have had for years! .Thank you everyone at In Motion! You are all a 5 out of 5! .I will update this review as when Rachel left to have her sweet baby I started working with Stephanie who is an incredible PT.  She helped me through a painful bursitis. I continued to improve and when I finished I signed up for the fitness program. This has been really valuable! Edgar is an expert in helping you strengthen your weak areas and build up your total body strength. This is pretty amazing to me as I am a very senior senior citizen and Edgar is so kind and still challenging and encouraging! I haven't felt this good for years! I am so grateful for OC In Motion and especially for Rachel, Stephanie and Edgar!	6 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=N447PeWtewAqzQgxaEu81Q	James Taylor is the best! He helped me go from a walking boot after surgery to playing tennis again! Thank you to the best physical therapist ever!!!	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r0yps3-oFVzztCad35LAMg	In Motion has a lot of great reviews, and they are deserved..The two PTs I saw personally, Victor and Haze, were both great.  Very friendly and knowledgeable at the same time.  They do spend a good portion of every visit giving treatment and accessing your progress..This is not the type of place where the PT spends the full time with you, a good portion of your time will be spent with aides.  However, the aides are excellent, and it's not necessary for the PT to watch every rep of every exercise in my opinion.  .The facility is quite nice, as they have enough equipment that you can get your full rehab routine in without having to visit a separate gym to perform your exercises..I came here after a ACL reconstruction and meniscus repair, which is a pretty major rehab.  It's an injury that really requires a lot of work to recover from, and In Motion spent typically 75 to 90 minutes a session on exercise and treatment.  That's above and beyond.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wXOB3QuF5SkxwSUxy4P0Rg	I had really bad back pain and sciatica that made it hard for me to do much physical activity but after doing physical therapy as well as fitness, I have been slowly getting into running and squatting without pain. Thanks to edgar for strengthening and being able to train me withoit pain - and thanks to Stephanie for managing my pain and introducing me to the fitness side.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kEVTpw0qpRi4_5emac9Tag	This is an updated review for the fitness side of In Motion OC..I am happy to say that after my last review, In Motion OC and I came to a mutual beneficial agreement (with reasonable pricing) and I was able to continue fitness sessions for three months after completing physical therapy on my right knee. I am one a satisfied customer. .After working through two torn meniscus surgeries at In Motion OC fitness, I am amazed at the commitment the trainer, Edgar, has in creating training plans for each person. These plans are tailored to the individual and their problem areas (i.e., knee, back, shoulder pain)..I have gained so much knowledge and insight into my body and what I need to do to continue to get stronger and healthier. I have to say that I am in the best shape that I have ever been and it was due in large part to the In Motion OC fitness team. Thank you Edgar!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kVZupfnlEc_GzT-SPkb4vQ	First and foremost the staff here is amazing. Everyone is so friendly and very accommodating and makes each visit comfortable..I work with Edgar directly and can say, hands down, that I have never felt stronger and more physically capable as I do now. I have a hip and lower back issue that I was always told was unfixable because my hip was shifted when I was born. However, since coming to InMotion and working with Edgar I've  seen so much progress and feel great. He personalizes each workout and really get to know your injury and understands exactly what he needs to do to fix it..So glad I began going here!!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-mfxkaJCYrsVn8pyMuIClA	I work crazy hours and find it challenging to get a solid work out with someone that will work with my schedule and actually cater to my specific needs. When I need an early appointment or a later appointment, Edgar makes time to see me. Not only does he see me but he learns what I'm working on in physical therapy and creates a work out that strengthens each muscle and ensures that both sides of my body get love even if their needs are different. .I personally was referred to Edgar at In Motion Fitness and now, I am personally referring my spouse and mother. I truly believe that In Motion OC Fitness is a business that was created to make someone feel heard about their wants/needs while understanding one's body through physical therapy practice. Wow! That's all I have to say. Wow! Wow and more wows! .I'm not going anywhere after being personally coached by Edgar at In Motion OC Fitness. See why me and my family work out at In Motion and use their physical therapy area too.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4cSswZfVKmmcfPl6gTh0UA	In Motion OC is very professional and exactly what is needed.  The entire staff is great.  Haze was my primary PT and I really appreciated David's guidance on the various exercises.  Amanda was excellent on scheduling appointments and she was especially helpful when needing to reschedule.  Thanks to the entire team at In Motion OC.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nL4xspIhOQ4SGEALViASpA	This place is excellent! I have been treated very well by all the people who work there. They have excellent service. I recommend In Motion OC to people who need their physical therapy done!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M0ZqRXqp-9Ob5pzKocQZ6w	I love this place!!! Great staff, very knowledgeable, always learning and expanding their knowledge. .The place is CLEAN and well kept! .The bathroom is 10x nicer than the one I have at home. :-)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BQgkbYb2OWkiOPBeqKhcZQ	I have been a patient for PT since January and Stephanie and the rest of the team at In Motion have exceeded my expectations. They have been professional, caring, extremely knowledgeable, and have worked hard to give me the best treatment possible. I would recommend Stephanie and the entire team to anyone looking to recover.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=537-pjako8dlYoF58GS-Yw	I recently completed the internship program through In Motion PT and it was one of the best experiences I've had while interning. I've shadowed at other clinics, but I never walked away with as much knowledge as I did with In Motion. Everyone was so kind and welcoming and willing to help me learn as much as I could. All of the aides were very knowledgeable and made sure I was engaged and getting the most out of my experience. Thanks In Motion for solidifying my interest in physical therapy!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GIrqgQ28KRGIDC895i5Pkw	This facility is terrific .I can't say enough about Michelle and Will. They are both professional personable and knowledgeable. The therapists are very in tune with the patients . I can see that there are many patients in here that are suffering and when they walk out they have a smile on their face because  they're feeling better. After multiple surgeries including a lot of hardware in my body I am in constant pain. Recently I have weened  myself ALL pain meds and need another way to relieve my discomfort. .After a couple of weeks at In Motion I AM STARTING TO FEEL RELIEF. I never thought it was possible  the vibe is positive. Front desk is so nice and I notice all the other therapists have smiles on their faces.  I would highly recommend this place.  I've been to quite a few physical therapy facilities however I truly believe that IN MOTION is one that can help  a person get on with their life.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9kwi62jZV20qg84pfj6v3g	I've had 5 fusions over the last 30 years and have been exposed to numerous physical therapists. I went to In Motion OC because they offered a low impact pool therapy program. I've gone to 4 other facilities after my past surgeries but nothing compares to the well rounded program that Stephanie LeVasseur put me through. The activities that I performed in the pool made the transition for me to the gym rehab quicker and more prepared. My gate of past as always resembled a drunk individual but with Stephanie's guidance I almost walk normal. I want to thank her and her numerous subordinates for their patience, motivation, and knowledge in the rehabilitation process.	1 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ss5YhwF5duj78UV1mN-DKA	In Motion OC is one of the best physical therapy facilities that I've used - East Coast or West. The Physical Therapists are knowledgable, upbeat and skilled. I'm older, yet I can see positive changes after each visit. Stephanie L. is my therapist. She is a great, caring, and positive coach. I use their clinic and their aquatherapy facilities. I get hands-on and one-on-one time. If you need physical therapy, rehabilitation, or conditioning, In Motion OC is the place to go.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zbHAQsjdOe4iETsG6y6f_A	I had the unfortunate experience of tearing my ACL back in March '17 and was prescribed PT by my surgeon for both "prehab" prior to surgery as well as post-op. I was overwhelmed and unsure of what to do since I'd never had a major injury or intensive joint surgery before, but I felt immediately at-ease after a consultation at In Motion OC. .First, I have to note that my insurance was *very* difficult throughout the whole process of my injury and obtaining PT sessions was no easy feat. However, the billing department was very kind in working with me to make sure I had the care that I needed while at the same time advocating to my insurance. As a grad student, I really appreciated their patience in working with a less-than-stellar insurance company who was constantly battling every charge. The billing department's patience saved me not only a good chunk of money, but also allowed me to continue seeking the therapy treatment I desperately needed..My PT, Haze, was very professional and helpful throughout the whole process and never hesitated to answer my many questions. I felt pushed and challenged with the exercises, but at no point was I ever in pain. Not only was Haze a fantastic PT, but he went above and beyond in a number of instances from being willing to speak directly with my insurance to making sure I knew what to look for in a different PT due to having to move out-of-state. That being said, the whole team-- including the aides- were very experienced and attentive to making sure I was performing all the exercises correctly. .I was absolutely thrilled with the progress made and I owe it all to the team here at In Motion OC. Due to my employment, I had to move out-of-state or else I would have completed my entire protocol here, but I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone looking for a top-notch PT. Thanks again everyone at In Motion OC, miss you already!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jrRZRPrgXKIxlQkdaP55XA	I worked with Victor for a few months and he really helped get my shoulder back on track. I had been to several Physical Therapy places prior to enrolling with In Motion and In Motion by far had the most professional and friendly staff. Victor especially was very knowledgeable and you can tell he really cares	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xIgy8RMCr_AdH7eMc-rBxw	My kids have been to various physical therapists due to sports injuries. This is by far the best one we have been to. The place is clean and bright. The staff is organised and knowledgeable. The front desk was helpful and easy to work with. I would highly recommend this place.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gM_s3iCiZzBL9-VwrdHG8w	I found In Motion OC for Physical Therapy (PT) for a pinched nerve in my lower back that radiated down my right leg.  The problem started on 2/23, and after seeing a doctor and getting the condition under control, my doctor recommended PT.  I called and got an appointment the same morning and started PT 3/15..I have old injuries that contributed to this and my expectation was to learn what I needed to do to help prevent future occurrences.  My doctor and my primary Physical Therapist both said that I needed to build up my core strength.  At the time this happened, I was working out 6 days a week.  Clearly I wasn't getting the job done by myself and I was committed to do whatever I could to prevent this from happening again..The PTs and aides always challenged me.  They would increase difficulty or change the exercises to make sure I continued to build on my progress.  Within 1.5 weeks, the progress I was making was obvious.  Not only was I seeing the benefits to help prevent the problem I was there for, I was seeing improvements in areas I wasn't really expecting.  My body had been compensating for injuries from an accident I had 20 years ago and that was being corrected as well..I completed my course of therapy on 4/19 and my progress was remarkable!  I had stopped worrying about my pinched nerve within a couple of weeks and started observing the improvements I was seeing in flexibility, strength and stability.  It was AMAZING.  I am so glad I found In Motion OC and I am forever grateful for what they have done for me..The entire staff was always friendly, helpful and upbeat.  I primarily worked with Victor and some work with Tyler.  Both were fantastic!  I plan to continue the exercises at home, and will schedule future appointments on occasion to make sure I'm doing things correctly and to see if I should make any updates to what I'm doing.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XuMXhJAE3873GBAKfNOGYA	a big thanks to the entire team at In Motion OC. I was injured during a hockey game, diagnosed with grade 1 MCL injury. I was off the ice a total of 3 months. During this time I started and completed all of the PT sessions. first half of my PT was motion and strengthening, and the 2nd half was more intense (focused) and some plyometrics. Thank you Jessi!!!.I was able to start mountain biking again half way into my PT. .I have been on the ice now for 3 weeks. I accidently forgot to wear my brace for the last game and was not hesitant at all!!!!.Thanks again to the everyone at In Motion.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M9FsVUkhJ0bOD8fpW7u5pw	This place is great as you will see results instantly and the staff here is great and very friendly. .My therapist Victor is great as he is very caring, friendly and professional. He will challenge in a good way. He wants you recovery from your injury and resume a healthy everyday life.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xECFQmMLaFMKhavY9GBN4A	I wanted to wait until I had several visits under my belt before I wrote this review. I have now been going to In Motion O C for about three months so I have experience to draw and write from. First, let me say that if your heading here, it's probably because your in pain and lets face it, that's no fun.....If your looking to get back to your normal healthy life due to an injury or medical issue with pain you need to look no further than In Motion OC. From the get go I was treated with respect and had all my Insurance questions dealt with up front before I even walked in. .Within my first three visits I felt like "Cheers' where everybody knows your name. Everyone is so welcoming and excited to get you on your way back to health. Each plan in personalized for your issue. In the three months, I went through several phases of rehab and exercise to get back to myself and feeling a whole lot better..I was a bit taken back when after a few visits you see different initial Physical Therapist for your initial exercises, but make no mistake, each one has been professional, caring, and dedicated. I liked the way each one has their own style so you really learn a lot and can bond with them..Don't think the session ends there, you also meet with your own dedicated Physical Therapist each time for more in depth treatment. My PT was Stephanie and her knowledge of treatment and the body is match only by her caring and personal approach. I was living in pain and she immediately understood my concerns and addressed them both professionalism and in a caring attitude... and let's face it, having someone in your corner to help you get better is half the battle...Last, the office has bright fun attitude from the moment you walk in. Weather is busy or slow, you always receive the care you are looking to get. After several months, I have nothing but good things to say and a hearty recommendation for your top notch physical therapy stop!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=W5K65eJzlDxmu9v501_AXg	I have been a client of Edgar's for years! He's always helped me reach my goals whether it be for health reasons, fitting into my wedding dress, or helping me get back to feeling like a normal human being after having my first baby. For whatever goal I'm looking to achieve, he has a work out plan especially tailored for my strength and fitness level at the time.  Edgar focuses on form which is very beneficial in the long run. I would definitely recommend him to anyone whether you are a beginner or a long time athlete and I personally, will always be a client of his!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ge9KXsDlZgRyTjLsUmWkBQ	I started training with Edgar after a serious car accident. I had a lot of neck pain and difficulty functioning in my day to day life, let alone being able work out. After working with him consistently I am not only pain free but stronger and in better shape than I have ever been..I'm glad I followed him to this gym. The whole vibe is awesome here.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=g8qBeDJ1fBYInrsC8j7NmQ	I tried crossfit before and ended up in a constant state of injury due to some mobility issues as well as bad form.  Started training with Edgar and started with foundation and core training (which I have never learned before).   Once my mobility issues and body alignment were addressed, working out became enjoyable for the first time without the fear of injury..It has been a year since I have been training with Edgar and so far I have lost 40 lbs and lost 4 inches in waist size.  Edgar has been instrumental in setting goals that I thought were not attainable.  Sky's the limit.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=u-nRKSsnWChpSVJql4S3jw	A great place to rehab at.  The staff and therapists are all so patient and kind and know what they are doing.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PE301Y_TgMcx9uxxq0UiNQ	I enjoy coming here. Staff is very friendly and professional. They also have fitness nd personal trainers which is very convenient.  I love that they have showers. I can come in, shower and go to work. Glad I chose this place. This is the best place I have been to.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=02rDiu-XNYHGDxjc-xqFfA	I've been working with Edgar for about 2 years now.  .I had a major back sprain and he helped me get through it and now I'm lifting more than ever and moving comfortably. .I love that he moved to this location because the staff has been wonderful and this location is beautiful. 5 starts to him, the staff and the location.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0xNDrbbLYDEsHV--_OaLdg	Came in after fracturing my shoulder in cycling accident with very limited range in motion and pain that kept me from working and other activities that were essential in my life; I'm a professional musician and my injury was quite the handicap..Immediately felt very welcome, informed, and comfortable. I was blown away by the genuine care I received from all the therapists and employees. Victor and Haze played key roles in my healing process. Without the quality physical therapy I received from In Motion OC I am convinced I would not be as healed as I am now. I am working full time now with no limitations in music performance. I'm also getting back onto my bicycle this week!.I'm so thankful to everyone who helped me in my recovery; Alexa, David, and all the others..I strongly recommend this place to anybody looking for true quality care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vi0Iq76UZnzHoG7j-8UPxQ	I took almost a decade off running due to leg pain. Multiple doctors and physical therapists over that decade couldn't help me. Victor changed that and now I'm running again. Not only running but also training for a 12hr adventure race. Cheers to Victor, David and the rest of the team for providing intelligent and diligent physical therapy.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BYr8Nz15ti4TSyefhmmP-Q	I've only had 3 visits so far but I really like this place. Everyone's very nice and the physical therapists are knowledgeable and they listen	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_QSM1srGoaiX-xgx2sFAig	I spent about 12 weeks with In Motion OC rehabbing my foot to recover from plantar fasciitis.  Having never done PT before I did not have high expectations.  I mean, how fun could rehab be?  .In Motion OC makes it as fun as it can be.  Music is playing, banter is lively.  The entire team is first class and you can tell they enjoy what they do.  From the front desk, to the assistants, to the therapists everyone is incredibly friendly and focused on getting you back to 100%..Special thanks to Victor, Haze, Will, Alexa, Thalia, and Chad!  I'm so thankful I can run again after almost a year off my feet.  Hopefully I won't need PT again, but if I do I'll be back!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1HTzQYHvT-l-8q7xXmXPxw	I have scoliosis and though it's mild, I am feeling the inevitable back pain more now that I'm older. As soon as I walked through the door I felt welcomed. The front staff is always friendly and professional. I worked with Haze,  and if there were 10 stars, I would give it to him! Haze and his two assistants, James and David, were always attentive and on time. They were accommodating, friendly, and knowledgeable. Haze often went above and beyond to ease my discomfort and push me to work harder. In just weeks my lower back pain was so much better and my hip flexers were not tight anymore (HUGE difference). Two things I appreciate most: 1. Haze and the assistants always worked toward teaching me the stretches and discharged me as soon as I was capable to do it on my own; and 2. They were able to work with my inconsistent work schedule. .When I was discharged from my therapy program, I was not ready to leave. This place is like one big family! Loved my experience so much that I will be back for the fitness program! I'm sure you'll here from me again.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nXxUAWJcOBhsuLBScgv-FA	This place is amazing.  The PT's truly care about your progress, pain level and physical limitations.  They will push you to do what you can to achieve optimum results.  They care about your form during each exercise to make sure you are not wasting your efforts.  I highly recommend Haze, the PT who worked with me after having surgery on my right shoulder.  Haze was always thoughtful of my pain level and as I progressed, he challenged me to do better.  Thank you In Motion for a wonderful experience.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nUwxWaoZ6LtBInu6Vpmu3A	Throughout my four months at In Motion, I was always motivated to come to therapy because of the amazing and super friendly staff. All the therapists and aids genuinely care about your wellbeing, listen to your concerns, and, most importantly, know your name, which really made coming to therapy a very enjoyable experience. Big thank you to Stephanie, Morgan, Dom and David (out of many) for helping me improve my condition in a very encouraging atmosphere that I would come back to any day!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=shTVQJhu-NftZfRTUxYxrg	During my college years, I came here for physical therapy on and off. Through their exercise plans (both at site and at home), I was been able to make significant progress on my knee. .The trainers (for lack of the proper word) are friendly and push you to try new exercises, but know when to call it a day. For your first visit, they do a very thorough examination of your injury..For special cases, they have a nerve-stimulating electron machine (I'm sure there's a better name for it, but I can't recall it), which is very beneficial for more serious injuries. They also accept a variety of insurances..I strongly recommend you come here if you're ever in need of some PT!	4 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WnItWsIc5UDRmgzJJlKrHg	Months ago I was diagnosed with a 11mm herniated disk and I thought surgery was my only optionoption.  Some days it would take me hours to get out of bed even on multiple prescription medications.  It was also affecting work, activities and every aspect of my life.  An associate told me about in motion oc as an alternative to surgery.  I have been going to in motion for months now with no pain.  Haze has been my PT and has been excellent.  He customizes my treatment to my specific needs not just a list of things for my condition.  He also does great at explaining what is going on with both my body and the specific exercises.  I have also worked with both David and Thalia as the PT assistants.  They are always positive and I can tell they really care about my treatment and me as a person.  .After viewing surgery as my only option I would highly recommended Haze, Thalia, David and the whole in motion team.	2 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qpcqfHwXvntb35dlsmKHMQ	I have had the pleasure of coming here for the last few months and I can honestly say that this is THE BEST group of individuals!  The atmosphere is always positive and fun and I have yet experienced anything other.  All of the PT's are phenomenal and I love how each have such a strong passion and drive to  help everyone that comes through the door.  The office staff is just as fabulous and if you have an opportunity to meet the biller, Debbie, she won't disappoint you with her industry knowledge and witty personality.  Overall, if you are searching for the best Physical Therapy facility, this office will exceed your expectations.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ksvhhVwzdXmOHBLf5FDCWQ	I had a great experience at In Motion OC.....Victor is a very knowledgeable physical  therapist. He gave me a very thorough consultation with specific exercises & treatment. I feel better all ready & looking forward to more professional treatment. The facility was clean & well equipped.  I highly recommend In Motion!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=swj1nBj3KibeJg6a4JA-mA	In Motion O.C. Physical Therapists, Aids, and the entire staff are the absolute best in this line of work. I attended 3 sessions a week for two months following a knee replacement.  I am so impressed that can't wait to have my other knee operated on and solicit their professional therapy for a speedy recovery. Thank you guys from the bottom of my heart. Hadi	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2Wjr7JZ2Vt3SC8Mcu00Vsg	This place is great!  The whole staff is hard working, personable and knowledgeable especially Tylar!  They have helped me immensely.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hlBDvj_drlcKIL9QvVTAoQ	PT doctors caring and knowledgeable. Wish admin and billing staff could be customer service-oriented and appreciate patients experiencing pain.	2	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WWBRLDD3FEohZ6414czPOA	I highly recommend. All of the staff is super friendly and informative. My therapist was Stephanie .  I really felt like she was routing for me. She really helped me get my core stronger to ease my lower back pain. She also helped me to realize that I need to make time every day to stretch and to do my exercise program, as it is designed to ease my pain and to keep me from coming back to therapy. I really like all of the therapists there, Victor, Stephanie, Haze, to name a few, they are all wonderful.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Y88MSDD4JEw4NjCYuAEJAA	Haze helped my husband recover from a rotator cuff injury.  He is very knowledgeable, and would highly recommend him. Great people & facility.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jvA9EDfcRDGJ-QdHCJApyQ	I have been a client of Edgar's for a little over a year and he's helped me so much! He not only helps me set goals but makes sure I achieve them as well. He tailors your workout plans according to what your fitness level is at the time but helps push you to keep progressing to the next level. It's crazy how much my posture has changed and improved since I first started training with him. He focuses on form which is extremely important and beneficial in the long run. Definitely will continue to be a client of his!	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9SJJNhb1KMlpehe30mj8uA	These people are the best:  They are professional, thorough, kind and friendly.  I had two sessions a week for two months and my arthritic knee improved greatly.  The supervising therapist, Stephanie, was very well informed and she explained my treatment in terms that I.could understand.  If I should ever require physical therapy again, I would not hesitate to go.to In Motion..Helene B..4/30/2017	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DCODNY-j2wTCKOOgRDd_wg	I had my first appointment last week with Rachel.  One week, and 4 sessions later, my knee range (torn ligaments from skiing) has improved from 80 degrees to 135 degrees. Life is almost back to normal:)) I highly recommend In Motion.  I can't believe how quickly I've improved:)	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=G4rt4hc7ApExi8HWxVLYFw	Several years ago I injured myself and required physical therapy for recovery. I luckily found In Motion OC after failed services elsewhere. Since the moment I began my therapy, everyone that I've come into contact with had been very friendly and helpful in my recovery.  After another injury a couple of years later, I returned to In Motion OC because I appreciated the care and results I received the first time around. My PT, Stephanie, always greeted me with a smile and answered any and all questions/concerns I had. She is genuine, kind, and very personable. Once I recovered from that injury, I signed up for the Fitness services that In Motion OC also offered. I had become overweight during my recovery as my injuries prohibited me from exercising. .Signing up for Fitness sessions was the best thing I have done for my health. I have been able to return to weight training and high intensity cardio without incurring any major injuries! My trainer, Edgar, is a key component in my results. Each session is tailor-made for my fitness goals as well as strengthening my areas of weakness. In a semi-private class where his attention could be diverted, he is actually very attentive. He constantly checks my form and readily explains to me how a particular exercise helps a known injury and/or strengthens me. If one of my injuries start acting up, he immediately modifies the exercise and/or helps me with stretching. He's got a big personality and is always energetic. The sessions are upbeat and fun even through all the challenging workouts. He, along with my workout counterparts, are my biggest cheerleaders and are always encouraging. He's pushed me out of my comfort zone which has not only helped me overcome some physical hurdles, but mental one's as well. The best part of it all...I'm seeing results!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ecWJ9zqNEDRAp5YCm3sSuA	My wife has use In Motion several times over the last few years. They are excellent at setting appointments and we find that they are punctual when you arrive..Presently my wife is helped by Stephanie. I interviewed her and the facility about the specific needs of my wife at this stage in her life. Having had a stroke in addition to neuropathy and several other issues her stability and ability to walk have been compromised significantly over the last couple of years..After just 30 days with Stephanie she experienced significant gains! Stephanie is highly attuned and trained to assess fall risk and custom tailors the therapy to support increased strength and stability. What surprised me, however, is the attention she pays to the emotional confidence of the patient and the gentle yet firm encouragement  to progress through the therapy. This is invaluable to the patients overall well being and continued dedication to work and making gains..The supporting staff here are also great and are closely integrated with the therapists. .Even though our insurance ran out, I have made the commitment to continue to work with In Motion who have various packages you can purchase to control costs. They are very reasonable and provide a great service..Stephanie, in particular, possess a vast reservoir of empathy in addition to an extensive knowledge of senior care (issues), and the therapies associated with better movement, stability, and quality of life!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1VgCxhE9whiVrIlB-8BVJQ	I have been going to In Motion OC for over 6 months now. Their team is highly qualified and personable. At this point, I have worked with almost every therapist, but mostly Tyler and Haze. .I truly enjoy going to physical therapy, which is not something most can say. I also want to add their admin staff is amazing. They know you by name and always work to accommodate you and adjust schedule times as needed. .I highly recommend using their services. Thank you In Motion OC for helping me rehab my knee!	1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HXEjsSLINzYQOFzvNtGeCw	Staff here is absolutely fantastic. Everyone is extremely knowledgeable and always very friendly. Highlights of my week are getting to come in and work with Stephanie. Would recommend them to anyone that is in need of PT or even physical training.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1iHH8sFXgaizlkZVfq8sug	I want thank all the staff at In Motion OC. I injured my back a year ago and could not find what is causing the pain even after several x-rays and mri's. I eventually stopped .exercising as it was too painful. It wasn't until recently when I was referred to PT by a spinal surgeon and that is when I found In Motion. After nearly 8 weeks starting with 3 sessions per week, my pain that has been there for almost a year is finally gone. .Their location is very spacious and clean with a superb team of staff. A special thanks to Morgan, my main PT that helped me with every session. It was apparent from the first session that she cared and put in a lot of effort not only during the sessions, but also spent a lot of time after hours trying to figure out what was the best route of therapy for me. Also a big shout out to Stephanie and the rest of the In Motion staff for making sure my progress is improving and on track.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sx6zij60gM1FCYIg71POIg	I've been coming to In Motion for several months now.  I was originally here for chronic lower back sciatica but more recently had to switch to a new diagnosis.  Jessie has been my trusted physical therapist and I couldn't be happier.  She is knowledgeable, super friendly and incredibly observant.  I don't want to forget to mention that she did help me with my original problem.  So when it was time to move on to my current pain, Im so glad Jessie is the one to help me get through this episode.  .This facility is very clean and well organized.  There are a good number of physical therapists and PT aids to help assist.  Everyone is friendly and of course supportive and caring.  The front desk ladies, Beth and Christine are very helpful always with a smile.  I do want to say that my husband is also here as a patient.  Haze is his PT but occasionally Victor and Jessie have been helping during the weekends.  I hear high praises of Haze.  I will say that my husband came into IM with significant pain and is now practically pain free.  He is so excited to get back to his favorite sport .  Did I mention they also open on Saturday?  Makes someone like my husband whose schedule is crazy during the week able to get rehab on his day off.  .Sorry for the lengthy post but we are very happy here.  Lastly, this place would not run smoothly without the heavy work from the PT aids.  Talia especially will make sure you get your form correct, she is the absolute best !!  Ok that's it!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_w4tJIE4pK-bR8zNH8jOKw	Jessie, our aquatic therapist, is awesome in the work she does! She has a warm and an inviting personality and genuinely cares for her clients. I have been taking my mother for aquatic therapy for about half a year now and I already see improvement when she's inside the pool. For the first time in 5 years I am able to witness her walking on her own inside the pool!! It brought me to tears and I am so thankful that we are able to work with Jessie and In OC Motion :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xLPFRZszlNkcarnE6UBasg	They were great. Knew their stuff, helped me get better and the whole team is super friendly and a lot of fun. The best part is I burnt so many calories doing chin tucks. 10 out of 10.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=asVtVB1UDsx6axBs-z8Feg	I usually dont write reviews but have been training with Jimmy for more than a year now and he's THE best! Hes very knowledgeable, attentive and super nice! One of the things I love about the group PT session is that although we work out together as a group, we sometimes do different exercises tailored just for you. Also I do different exercises almost every time so it never gets boring and you get to work all different muscles	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JVb-KtcXEuz8Iv7zFXhCZA	I've been going to In Motion since October after my car accident. I couldn't be more pleased with the service and the level of care I have received here. The front desk staff is incredible! They are kind, easy to work with and remember your name after your first visit! The therapists and aides are also amazing! I have worked with almost all of the aides and they are all extremely caring and super helpful! My therapist is Hayes and I have nothing but positive things to say about him. I am pregnant and my care is limited to what I can do but he's extremely knowledgeable and works carefully to manage my pain and help strengthen my muscles. Going to PT is usually the highlight of my busy work day and leaving is always hard. Everyone at In Motion is looking out for their patients and from the moment you walk in you can feel that. Highly recommend!!!	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dytTWpEu2LG2CujWiYL9qg	Victor Rusenescu is the best PT. We are glad that both me and my wife chose Victor for our PT needs. He fixed our back and ankle issues. He is very dedicated, knowledgeable and fun to work with. I highly recommend him for any PT needs...	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rn0lJ_oTD91z-5M-Xq8pmA	This is a fantastic facility, with an amazing, compassionate and fun staff.  I chose IMOC due to its proximity to my office, and it has not disappointed.  Stephanie has been my PT - she and the PTAs have worked hard with me to bounce back from a sprained ankle.  What's terrific is that they've had me focus not just on ankle strength, but on total lower body strength and flexibility to ensure I don't injure myself again, and to allow me to safely get back to the physical activities I love.  Stephanie and the team work their patients hard (but to each person's ability) but do so in a fun, motivating, and encouraging manner.  And you know a PT session goes well when you have to shower (in their beautiful locker rooms) before you head back to work! I highly recommend this facility, and the therapists on the team.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Kro7UOjl3dO6RrXS9YOItA	I had about 20 treatment of PT, thinking I felt better until PT Jessica insisted on me doing some exercise I could not do 3rd attempt I  asked her to let me go home and that I could not do...but she insisted pushed me down with tall body to the ground and fell over me which caused to injure my foot and ankle... I ened at urgent care that entire afternoon..I had asked their supervisor to fix what they caused me as a result I went back to square one... He said that they would but then I will have to pay for the sessions... I thought that was low of them to not take responsibility for the damage they crated....I rate this company one star for their unprofessional staff that they spent  talking about their personal life and what they did over the weekend....and to allow inexperienced staff that do not listen to their clients needs and to force them do exercises they could not do..All they care is about how much they can capitalize from their clients..I give them one star for not taking responbility for the damage they crated...I am left with 3 numb toes 5 months later...Shame on them!	1 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LfhjdlHNgi9Bfts_KuQTKA	All the therapists here are oddly all in a good mood and make you feel welcome. Positive energy! Ive had a lot of help from Victor and his crew, but mostly enjoyed  the 90 degree heated pool, 2 times a week, with Tyler, David and Melinda. Since I prefer doing my workouts in the pool, they taught me some great stretches and some great ideas on how to work out my core while swimming with the Aquatic jogger. Now  I can turn my favorite sport into a beneficial workout. Thank you guys!	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cKfVgFYbppTMmGYXJUA_Yg	I started on the PT side and it was suggested by my therapist that I needed more strengthening, so I signed up to continue on the fitness side. I've never had any training in a gym and wasn't sure I'd continue, but here I am over a year later!! Jimmy works us hard and I complain a lot, but I wouldn't miss my time with Jimmy and everyone there who make me feel welcome and encourage me all the time. And thanks to Victor for getting me started!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PxGnZTnj_TbXdHNKNmkdDQ	If you find yourself in need of physical therapy, this is your place.  All the therapists are great and friendly and they have plenty of different therapists to accommodate to busy schedules.  While the road to recovery has been longer than I thought, these guys have been great to work with. .I've worked mostly with Nhi.  She's amazing and knows how to work with me and articulate corrections for my weaknesses and help move me along at the appropriate pace.  The other therapists are also great and they all are able to step in where the last therapist left off.  They also work with you on the front end to inform you of how your insurance works and give you all the details, saving a call to your insurance provider for any questions.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yNl0bEZvV2_R-IV_sUxF5Q	I have personally been to many different PT clinics and InMotion OC has exceeded my expectations! They are a "1 stop health shop" by all means. They offer PT in aquatics, on land (conventional PT), nutrition, & a fitness area as well! The front ladies at the desk do an amazing job of making sure everything is in order prior to the PT sessions. I am always greeted with a smile. The overall layout of the facility is very open with a lot of space, and a very modern design to it! The PT staff is very knowledgeable, caring, and is always looking out for the best interest of each patient. Other clinics I have been affiliated with have treated me more like a number rather than a person. They truly care about the overall health and well-being of everyone who steps foot through their doors! Keep it up & thanks for taking initiative in our community! Continue to do great things! -Nick	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WzdtT_D93EU3LjEeWOWk4Q	I cannot say enough about this staff of physical therapists. It is because of them that I am now able to exercise with my most favorite physical fitness trainer Jimmy. These physical therapists are very skilled and what they do. Jimmy is very cognizant of your aches and pains and knows how to modify your fitness regiment so you don't get hurt. These people have become part of my life and I can't see not going there because they keep me physically healthy. You owe it to yourself to seek out the best of care whether it's physical therapy or physical fitness.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=keHSHyrR04ej3EMU8nNn2w	I was referred to In Motion OC due to a partial torn Achilles tendon. The office is really nice and clean, staff is super friendly and the office is close to my work.  Stephanie LeVasseur, my therapist is very personable, compassionate, motivating and fun to work with.  She makes everyone feel comfortable throughout this experience by explaining the process and educated me so I will know how to prevent this injury in the future.  I'm very thankful for In Motion OC and I highly recommend working with Stephanie!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6hDUo0v63lLUQkSEpEOeCg	I cannot say enough about how wonderful the team at In Motion are. For the first time in 8 years, I can walk up straight. The water therapy has been wonderful. Melanie, David and Tyler are exceptional therapists. I have struggled with back problems for many years and have had two back surgeries resulting in rods in my back. Their help has improved my quality of life immensely. I am so grateful for their help. Not only can I walk straight but I can get out of bed without pain. The physical therapy staff is also the best. Thank you all so much.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rIs0sM6e5VpAD8NbmSTuCA	Of the half dozen or so PT locations I've utilized over the years, InMotion OC is by far the best. The entire staff is great to work with, go over your plan and why those exercises are selected, and give you a good status report on your progress. Rachel has been my physical therapist, and is fantastic! I've seen her the entire time I've been going there, not getting bounced around to different people all the time like some other places I've visited.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PNfDJgbGXxzY4Et6_nXUXQ	Excellent care.  Thorough follow-up.  Kudos to Haze.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=80ECUNmYQTiouZ5FQwvdHA	After my doctor recommended PT for my shoulder impingement / rotator cuff issue, I selected In Motion after reading Yelp and Google reviews, and as their Von Karman location was very close to my office.  I'm glad I did!  Haze was my primary PT, with Tyler and Jessie also stepping in when my and Haze's calendars didn't correspond.  David and Thalia were my usual aids.  The whole team was enthusiastic and every visit was upbeat.  I went for the 20 visit max my insurance provider allowed, and had very positive results.  The exercises were changed out as my range of motion and strength increased, and the team was very helpful in sending me home with printed instructions as exercises were added.  Their website also provides videos of the exercises.  All in all, a great experience.  I am close to 100% back to normal, and with the last set of at-home exercises Haze gave me I'm sure I'll be back to 100% soon.  I highly recommend In Motion.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9SgR_nhLaYi6KuCfm03dWg	The guys and gals at In Motion OC are fantastic.  I've been going to PT here for a couple of weeks for my plantar fasciitis and everyone from the front desk to all of the physical therapists and trainers have been a blessing for my recovery.  They are always upbeat and really care about your well being.  Victor (I call him Vlad) is very personable and knowledgeable.  He does a great job massaging and he's also  a cool and funny bloke to talk to. The facility is clean and the ambiance is great.  I definitely would recommend In Motion OC if you need PT or any fitness training for that matter.  Thanks peeps for all you do.  Ciao!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TjXXA0yW-Mjx64h5s3z8Jw	All the physical therapists were very informative and attentive. The staff always had smiles on their faces and were very good with appointment reminders as well as scheduling. .I came for a shoulder impingement issue, and the program they crafted empowered me to work on my shoulder in and outside of their supervision. They educated me on how the different muscles and tendons affect the mobility of the shoulders and what I needed to do to improve movement. .I also liked that they email you the customized exercise program so you can look it up at home and work on them. .Overall a good experience working with them and would recommend them for any physical / mobility issues.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vb2c3KennXSghR1WG4W9XA	This is a great place for one to do their physical therapy at. The staff is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I've had two previous knee surguries and I feel that In Motion will get me back to playing my sport the quickest..Also, I have never seen such a nice bathroom in a physical therapy office.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZKOsAd9ELQHi3UY6vScB4Q	I had knee surgery before the holidays and needed to find a physical therapist to work with for two weeks while I was in Orange County. I used Google to identify the available facilities and chose In Motion OC based on the reviews. .The staff is very professional, diligent, friendly, and punctual. I had the good fortune to have Haze assigned as my therapist. Haze and the many PT assistants worked with me in the first week to regain my range of motion and walk without crutches and in the second week begin building back my strength. .The staff emailed or printed all the exercises as they were assigned so that I could continue the therapy on my off days. I went three days a week and am confident that I will be walking normally again within 6-7 weeks after the surgery. .I have already recommended In Motion OC to several friends who live in the area as a go to facility for recovery after surgery/injury or working with the staff to simply get fit.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2BJsEDWW1vSF4Pr427-kDg	Chronic knee pain hasn't stopped me from doing anything for over 2/3 of my life, but it has definitely slowed me down.  Things finally came to a head a few months ago, and I reluctantly saw a doctor fearing he'd recommend surgery.  Turns out the problem with my leg was just caused by a severe muscle imbalance between my 2 legs (a vicious positive feedback cycle of overcompensating with one leg because of pain in the other).  So I started physical therapy.  I worked mostly with Victor, Dakota, and Nick, although everyone there was awesome.  Victor really took the time to understand not only the pain in my leg, but to also understand my needs.  He tailored an exercise plan to rebuild muscle and also worked on balance and core strength since I spend a lot of time hiking/backpacking/mountaineering.  Now after a few short months and many gnarly muscle knots, not only is the pain in my leg gone, but I feel stronger than I have in my entire life.  No joke.  Thanks a lot In Motion OC!	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UOCIl-krP4LVgeMcqZy61w	Excellent Team at the Pool!.I paid cash for my aquatic physical therapy because unfortunately  my insurance did not cover it.  I had a fibromyalgia flair up and I knew that the pool helps me very much.  I have never been so happy paying for medical treatment.  Melanie, David and Tyler were knowledgeable, and truly care for all their patients.  I looked forward to my pool sessions, and everyone around me felt the same way. I am back to work and feel great!.The whole staff is incredible!.Thank you very much!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZG9dF-KRYVyVcCY05IwnXQ	Excellent choice, even for temporary visitors!  I was in town for a month and looked for PT in network for my insurance and also close to where I was staying. InMotion was one of the options and I am so glad I chose it and wish they had one at my home town!  Stephanie was my PT and she was really knowledgeable and helped me regain a large proportion of my shoulder motion--I had very limited motion from a broken arm injury.  There are so many unique and helpful things they do here that my PT at home does not.  At InMotion they e-mail you links to video/photos of the exercises you are supposed to do so you can prepare.  Each visit is 1 hour long with ~ 1/2 hr of exercise under supervision of an assistant (all were very helpful and nice), and 1/2 hr with the therapist one-on-one and somehow they are nearly half the price of my PT back home!  And when you finish you get a T shirt!  Unexpected and nice touch at the end. It is a very clean facility that has separate area for PT and for regular workout. And also a nice women's locker room where you can shower after if needed.  Plenty of free parking also. Convenient location on not too busy street. I miss them already!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kRfrJ-sK3q-1P98yMEOmIg	I love every single one of these workers! Usually you would think of not wanting to go to physical therapy but I look forward to coming in and see these guys! Rachel and Victor help me recover from my surgery and got me back to playing my sport before I knew it! Really recommend here	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uQMWx96ruKvLeQxIpUCPUA	Melanie is a wonderful pt professional  I Am so grateful to be feeling better and out of pain..Thank you to all the staff at In Motio		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gU5vY10ARA7JTfnB83C53A	I came here to recover from ankle surgery and started progressing immediately.  Rachel does a fantastic job!.Unfortunately, there was an issue with my insurance coverage and I had to stop therapy half-way through.  I almost had to pay the entire cost out of my own pocket, but Debbie in the Billing Dept. stepped up BIG TIME.  Not only did she successfully resubmit my claim (out of network), but she was prepared to reduce my rate in case I ended up owing a balance..Thank you Rachel and Debbie!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CBXFCeBBIqqf5GY9SIiEDA	This clinic is fantastic. They have very knowledgable staff, up to date equipment and many different types of treatment options available. My primary PTs were Haze and Tyler who tailored my treatments to my injuries and gave helpful feedback and progress reports. The rest of the staff was amazing too and were very motivating through-out the process. I highly recommend them!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X1Iy7fMD7UtozsXHjKEtMA	As a frequently flyer of In Motion O.C.'s physical therapy services, I'd definitely recommend  Haze, Tyler, and everyone on the team. At the end of 2015, I came in to rehabilitate my torn achilles and returned in early 2016 to recover from shoulder surgery. Here are two reasons why I believe In Motion O.C. is top notch:.- Personal Attention: Upon starting, I was wondering if they were going to run through the motions with a "copy and paste" routine for each type of injury, but Haze continually checked my recovery to progress my exercises as soon as possible. .- Facility: The modern interior design is put together very well and the facility is always clean. Besides the appearance providing a nice Equinox-like environment, the presentation and appointment reminders are clear examples of the management's full attention to professionalism.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HzmawOiIo6L4Pk76oOrvdQ	I had a crazy tremor in my left arm for about 2 years that I had seen many people about. No one could figure out what was causing it. One day a friend videotaped it and showed it to Victor who said he thought he could help.  I thought, what have I got to lose?  If he can fix it, that would be awesome, if not, I tried. Not only was he able to stop the tremor, but made my shoulder much stronger and more functional than it has ever been. I'm constantly amazed at what a difference this has made in my gym workouts and yoga practice. Every time I go to the gym or yoga, I find I can do something I haven't been able to do. I've since recommended him to many of my friends and coworkers as a miracle worker.   Thanks Victor!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YXr51vaivlwdwpbcU3kA2w	In Motion O.C. is absolutely wonderful. I started coming here for a torn rotator cuff.  I am a violinist and because of the injury I could barely play my instrument without severe pain. My physical therapist Haze was fantastic. After treatment with Haze I now play pain free.  In fact I actually play BETTER than before because I have built up so much strength.  And most importantly he has given me the tools and foundation to keep my shoulder healthy for the rest of my life. .The experience was totally positive.  Haze and the ENTIRE TEAM at In Motion O.C. provide an incredible environment of support and healing. It is actually FUN to come here, and I know for a fact that helped me heal faster. .I enjoyed it so much that even though I am now "graduated" from physical therapy, I am continuing with the separate fitness program available at In Motion O.C.  This program extends your work to get your entire body in shape with trainers who understand and are aware of your original injury so they tailor the program for your situation.  This is such a great idea!  Even after just a few weeks the rest of my body is already getting so much stronger and more fit (thank you Jimmy and Romeo!)..I LOVE IN MOTION OC. Thank you all so much. You are all AWESOME!!!.Love .Georgiana Hennessy	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZuF2i_vj1VQy8p0VaC6Y4g	After months and months of chiropractic treatment for chronic neck pain (that was causing migraines but I didn't realize that was the cause of them) I sought out In Motion OC for help with my posture and neck pain. After approximately two months of treatment my migraines were gone compleatly without the use of any medication, and have stayed that way. My body needed correcting and retraining to correct the poor posture I had developed over years Victor helped me to strengthen my core and back muscles to creat long term results. I have work with many of the PT's at In Motion and they have been very helpful to me on my path to recovery. I'm continuously impressed by the knowledge and dedication to accuracy the aids possess as well. They are able to correct the smallest mistake I could be making while preforming a exercise and it makes all the difference, that's when I get results! I had tried for years and years on my own with work out videos, group classes and you tube videos to achieve body corrections and alleviate pain and would only create more problems. What I needed was the knowledgable and trained eye to direct my efforts in a resulting way. I highly recommend In Motion OC for recovery and conditioning. There attention to detail produces positive results. The smallest changes can make the biggest difference.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HFo1zi1djiiA6ueFQId5Pw	I'm so please after a year telling my cancer doctor I needed Aqua therapy after a 12-15 lb mass was removed last year plus ovarian cancer that OC in Motion was the best place to come to in all my years dealing with physical problems.Melodie Tyler Haz have helped me so much these past 2 months.God bless you all and thank you for your care for my health to get better	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gc8unVp2oiu30ulmzo_MUg	After getting whip lash, from being rear ended, I was referred to In Motion OC. I can not be any happier with the care and treatment I have received. I like how friendly all the employees are at In Motion OC. From the lovely front desk personnel,  to the trainers and doctors, everyone conducts themselves in a friendly and professional manner. I would highly recommend In Motion OC to anyone in need of Physical Therapy	1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3MzF6E-QnwhKV_a5nVlJlA	After a car accident i was referred here by my attorney for my back and neck injuries.  My PT's Stephanie and Jessie were outstanding.  My tech's Jason, David and the rest of the staff were critical in helping me progress. The facility is clean and modern.  I am very happy with my treatment and the results.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XZLGKDu2BYtLWHWQqBSRrA	I started coming to In Motion OC for Physical Therapy sessions on my right knee for an ACL reconstruction surgery. .The entire staff has been friendly, professional, and especially entertaining during a part of my life which was not the most fun. Given the fact that I had been recovering from a traumatic operation, I loved that I could come and be surrounded by young, athletic individuals that know what they're doing, and aren't afraid to give you their honest opinions. .Nhi was originally my personalized therapist, who was kind, professional, and obviously happy to be there helping others in need. From my understanding, she no longer works at this location. .Victor, the Director of Rehab at this facility, is seriously great. Aside from the fact that he's ridiculously funny, it is obvious that he's passionate about what he does, and knows exactly what he's doing. .If you get a chance to get an IT band / quadricep / hamstring "massage" from this man, proceed with caution. It will be painful, but totally worth it. I came to this place for a full-recovery, not to be babied and pampered. Go ahead tough guys, try Victor out. .The location is clean, not too small where you feel cramped, and not too big where you'd get lost. They have appropriate, clean equipment to get you on the way to a speedy recovery..Overall, I give this place a 5/5 because at the end of the day, I'm happy to say I'm back to 100%.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HkDQLJzWQRYFpZgo38uWHQ	Had a full knee replacement in October..I couldn't do anything when I first came in.Now I'm all most back to normal thanks to Haze & Taylor Victor ,Dakota and the whole team.They all greet me with my first name .This place is the best. Could not ask for more.Agneta Karlsson	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RFYS5hTI7liZatCqZz3fbw	I just graduated from my second experience, 19 sessions, with the team led by Victor Rusenescu, at In Motion.  They are all professional, compassionate, attentive, personable and patient. I hope that I never need PT again, but if I do, I will go back to In Motion.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aU9PwRNn7DG-fN1m5or4nQ	I had a really great experience at in motion OC. The staff was great and the atmosphere was always positive. I had the opportunity to work with Haze Hernandez. I have been having knee pain for about a year. Haze, was a great PT. He would always ask if I felt better or worse and always tried to improve me. The staff is always willing to help, I recommend 100% this location because not only will you get better but grow a bond with the staff. .-SL	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_Pi7B8KB-DjX0RqAnVVxlA	I have been working out here for a couple months and I couldn't say enough good things! First off their hours are great. I can make it before work or after work. The fitness coaches are amazing! I have scoliosis and often wake up with back pain. Coming to In Motion I know I won't get hurt. The coaches take their time and make sure they don't push things that my body can't handle. I appreciate their detail with each person in my fitness classes. I have been feeling better than I have in a long time. I would recommend to anyone looking to get in better shape!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Cg8di-bT6pkfXptz3CLfrg	In Motion O.C. was a great place to receive physical therapy! All staff, ranging from the front desk, to physical therapist assistants, to the physical therapists themselves, were extremely knowledgeable and took the time to get to know their patients on a more individual level in order to help their patients reach their physical therapy goals. They had great equipment in their facility that was sufficient for various different needs. The layout of the facility was large and spacious, and gave patients and their physical therapists plenty of room to work on their exercises. Victor was an awesome PT! He really got to know his patients and their conditions in order to help them heal as efficiently as possible. I didn't think physical therapy could be enjoyable not only through the exercises and care offered to their patients, but also by the environment that the entire staff created in that office.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VuFIOer8PTV2mvhD9Uds4g	I went to In Motion to work out and I loved the results I got with their trainers!  And the fact that they work closely with my PT is so perfect!  I never have to worry that I may be doing exercises that are not appropriate for me :)  I would definitely recommend their services to my friends and family!  Thanks In Motion for everything!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nYu0Q-FmmBqXhxoduPM-RA	An old neck injury flared up during my pregnancy, bringing me into In Motion OC. I had previously tried pain management, steroid epidural, TENS and ultrasound therapy, (I was even told by one doctor that surgery was my only option) but due to my pregnancy, none of these were feasible options during this flare up. Within just a few weeks at In Motion, Melanie and her team had me feeling pain-free and able to have a happy and comfortable pregnancy. Thanks again!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kE2_PhyFm4zIQKpQE9b4zA	Had a debilitating back surgery 4 weeks ago and needed PT. In Motion was recommended by my MD and was delighted by the exceptional service. Christy is the customer engagement manager there and was there from the outset to help arrange all treatment appointments around my schedule, aid in the insurance issues and help with anything needed during the treatment. Definitely recommend the business and thank you to Christy for streamlining the process - all with a smile!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sx6eZ5kyCzUaPTFlfPqJiA	Friendly and very knowledgeable staff! Haze and Dave you guys are great and helped me a lot in my recovery after ankle injury!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v6tSulDRoWY9Si1KSUcZNg	I found "In motion OC" after being rear ended and my back being locked up.  They have a convent location close to my work and All of the staff are great!! They have helped me from barley being able to bend over to feeling normal again.  Rachel and Victor are great along with every PT assistant that worked with me. Professional and caring but still pushed me, which was needed. Just wanted to give a shout out to thank them as I near the end of my recovery, now it's up to me to keep my back strong. .Always, Tina Orr	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oALpMWs_BObMSBSgIXFVzQ	Awesome physical therapy office!  Front office staff & physical therapist are friendly & extremely knowledgeable! .My 14 year old daughter had a softball injury from over use because of pitching.  Since our initial appointment we have been very pleased with her recovery. She is still on going with treatment but has improved tremendously. Thank you Victor for such great care. Definitely would recommend this office to all of our family & friends.	1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kduSc8bhNdmXvGoO394J-w	I have two injuries that I sought their services for. They have the utmost professional therapists that work individually one on one with each patient to achieve their medical and fitness goals. Shelby and Nhi are two of the therapists that I have worked with closely and have a great relationship. Their exercises are intense but in a good way and they really push you to reach your goals. They have excellent friendly staff, great facilities, and a family feel atmosphere that is refreshing. Great Physical Therapy with a convenient location .Cheers	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TNUnTPTuNjjU3eIISXLgDw	I began my PT journey at In Motion OC for POOL THERAPY. I suffered a foot fracture from running and subsequently nerve damage almost 11 months and 8 months prior to seeing Melanie, Tyler, and David at In Motion OC therapy in the pool. I previously saw a PT when I first began my recovery which did not go well nor did it help me reach any goals. I was on a path of rehabbing myself (which I work in Rehab but OT not PT) which was not going too well either. I was skeptical at first but after 2 sessions of POOL THERAPY my pain was reduced, my function was improving and I was feeling more confident. My sessions were schedule simultaneously with other patients however I always felt looked after and the team ensured I was completing all exercises appropriately. The environment was supportive, inclusive, and and most of all enjoyable. I drive 1-1.5 hours to see the team at In Motion OC because they are knowledgeable, excel at what they do and clearly passionate their jobs. I am still a patient however I have graduated out of the pool and into the clinic where my foot continues to show improvements every week. There was a time I couldn't see my goal of functioning normally again, and not being able to do my job, but In Motion OC has helped my foot and facilitated my recovery that now our discussion as getting back out onto the pavement very soon! I HIGHLY recommend checking out In Motion OC for PT especially if you need therapy in the POOL.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XnNkIc-X3lXWI8j1kLR-Lg	Great experience! Worked with all of the therapists - all great! And the aides were great and very attentive!.After knee replacement surgery had 4 months of PT. My knee feels great and every week of therapy made it better!.Loved the gang!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=O0WNBE6dvKhY3jxK2b0n7w	I have been to many Physical Therapy offices and this has by far been the best experience I have ever had.  I have had 12 visits with In Motion all but one visit I was worked on by Nhi Tran.  I wasn't neglected as I was in previous offices. No, here I was given 100% of her attention in which she monitored every part of my exercise so form was always corrected in turn my time wasn't wasted and my recovery was speedy.  Hygiene of this office is very clean they always disinfect the tables and wash their hands.  I will be referring friends and family their service is top notch.	2 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=m4FMwJBo0Cr9nmDRxUT9Ow	I had a great experience at In Motion.  I went there to rehab my ankle after surgery.  They have a very caring and friendly staff.  Haze and the other therapist are great.  They were upfront and honest through out .  They get the job done with a smile.  Thank you guys!	1 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yh0IbT6Ec-XjJ7LTSDvQOA	In Motion OC is terrific. Three months ago I was looking for a sports PT facility to help me recover after right knee surgery and to fix the limited range of motion and inflexibility I was experiencing as a result of extreme pain in my left hip and leg. .I am a 65 year old bike rider and golfer and couldn't ride or play without pain. After knee surgery and while waiting for my ortho's test results to diagnose the left hip, I visited In Motion and had Victor evaluate me. He patiently asked a few questions, probed the injuries and took some measurements. Within about 30 minutes he had correctly determined the source and causes of the hip/leg pain and laid out a sensible plan of treatment for the knee. A week later, my ortho confirmed Victor's findings. But I was already working with Victor and his team on getting better..He and the PT Aides are friendly and knowledgeable, yet professional. Their program was perfect for me. I am now 98% pain free, have full range of motion, more stability, increased core and muscular strength and endurance..The facilities are clean and well stocked. The equipment is up-to-date and the front office support staff are extremely friendly and accomodating. I couldn't be happier with my experience at In Motion	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=X533snc08tcQWAhMINcEmw	They provide their patients with Excellent care & Extraordinary customer service! I have been to many physical therapy places in the area so I can say this place is the best! Victor is a caring, knowledgeable, and skilled Physical Therapist. And their new front desk person, JJ, is such an amazing and helpful individual. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming all the way around! Jeff, the owner, is so sweet and kind too! Thank you In Motion OC for providing such great physical health services to the community!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JmXrjqLNDc-WYVUzQBko_Q	Had a great experience with a personal trainer!! She focused on working me out to make me stronger (and leaner!). It was such a personal session, the moves were tailored to what I needed which I loved and I didn't feel rushed at all. .It's so clean and the staff is so friendly, I am looking forward to my next session. I want to try to the physical therapy next since I sit at a desk all day. Recommended it to all my friends in Orange County!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=s00NoBXfWZqgMESeLj1KRA	Shelby Muse is the most skilled physical therapist I ever encountered.  Her knowledge of injuries and how to heal them is at the highest level possible.  Shelby is a very caring and dedicated therapist, which is evidences by the remarkable improvement she has achieved in healing my back injury..Dave B.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v-HcprOKPC1_F5_15t4JDw	Several months ago, after I hurt my knee, I was on Yelp looking for a place to go to PT so I could see if I could get it back to normal. I am usually super skeptical of PT (or most doctors) and although this place was rated highly I still went in with a good amount of skepticism. .I got really lucky b/c I was assigned to Christy. She was friendly and knowledgable from the start and did all these evaluations on my knee before giving me a list of exercises to begin my rehab. What I loved is that she was super flexible with everything- the number of days I would come in each week, which days, and even mentioned I could have other PT's examine me if she was unavailable. .What is interesting about PT is that you go to the clinic to get evaluated, do exercises, get ultra sounds, and whatever else but then you go home and do all the exercises on your own. This starts becoming part of the routine but you don't really notice anything changing. I blinked my eyes, 6 weeks went by, and it was time for Christy to do a final eval. Crazy to me, each measurement came in as significantly better except one so I guess I progressed much quicker and better than I really expected! .My point is that with the right rehab you do have a chance to improve, to avoid surgery, and although it's a process, if you're in the right hands then good things will happen. I was very happy with Christy and the team at In Motion OC- everyone was nice, courteous, and knowledgeable/experienced in helping all of us through our various injuries. If you have to consider PT then I would recommend looking into this clinic.	2 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=egbz8mkaLhI3FXmAoFvFNQ	I love this place! In Motion Oc is the best place to go for any physical therapy. Everyone is so kind and helpful and they really listen to your individual needs! Over 2 years ago I was bed ridden and immobile and after 6 months I was able to do light workouts and after a year I got my old active life back! And now I am having foot surgery and they are able to help me heal from that too :) thank you to everyone at In Motion!!!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KA9DiawyP-MsmOL8aheWqQ	This is my first experience with physical therapy and I put it off for much too long.  My two shoulders were painful and I seriously lacked range of motion.  Victor is very knowledgeable and professional and established a plan that has been extremely successful.  My range of motion has improved dramatically with Victor's attention as well as the assistance of the very personable trainers there who help you get the most out of each exercise.  I highly recommend In Motion!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4zZhEfDuNbiFcopNCNB40g	I started coming here over a month ago because of a car accident injury. I got rear ended and my car was totaled :(. After the accident, it hurt to do all my normal activities. My neck and back always hurt if I did yoga, ran, or even sat down for more than an hour in my classroom. I've never had pt so I really didn't know what to expect. My niece has horror stories about her pt, so I was a little worried. Anyways, this place is awesome, everyone is so friendly and professional. They make sure to remember your name and facility is super clean. I mainly work with Victor, he's super nice and patient. His exercises are pushing me towards my goals. Now, I FINALLY started running and yoga again! :D I can my favorite poses without discomfort. I definitely recommend this place to anybody.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Krx-4vMWBJ73VBYwttFKyg	Horrible, horrible, horrible.  They keep losing my insurance information.  They called in December to make an appointment with me, and when I call them back in January after holidays, they can't find the approval.  The receptionist said she would speak with another person who was at lunch and should be able to find it.  No call back.  Next day, I called and speak another person who promised to call back next day.  Of course, he didn't.  And, this isn't he first time they lose my information or file.   Third time, maybe?  Once I used up approved appointments, they couldn't even find my information at all in their system.  Seriously?  What are they using Apple and Surface for?  Just look cool?  While they keep losing insurance information, they are very quick to offer you a cash payment plan.  Without even checking if you have approved visits from insurance, they called to ask if I am interested in paying cash.  .Physical therapists know what they are doing.  You however need to make sure they are actually paying attention to your improvements.  Otherwise, they will be sloppy and keep repeating what they prescribed earlier.  Receiving exercise video clips helps, but, again, they don't pay much attention to details, so you may receive ones you are supposed not to do. .If you want to have fun in getting better, this is a great place.  If you are very serious in getting better as quickly and efficiently as possible, you may be disappointed.  .Reply to your comment: You are right that your staff didn't make a cash offer.  She called to make an offer but didn't because I told her there was another authorization or two.  No, your therapist didn't tell me that my body wasn't ready.  No, your staff didn't call the insurance company.  My insurance company will confirm it for you.	2 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fcKytKB5r08db8HgIe8wSQ	Ex-athlete? Check. Working professional who sits too much during the day? Check.  A little too much holiday "eating?" Check.  What do these things add up to you might ask?  They add up to a dysfunctional back with a partially herniated disc and a large man in more pain than he has ever been in his life!  But never fear, In Motion O.C. and its' great staff were there to help me out..First off, I have been doing some form of PT (physical therapy) my entire adult life.  In fact, I was a "regular" in the training room when I played sports in college.  I have torn ligaments, sprained various parts of my body, and broken numerous bones.  None of that compared to the excruciating pain I experienced Christmas Morning of 2013 when I woke up and could barely stand, let alone walk.  After consults with expert physicians and a couple of not so pleasant injections, I was referred to two different PT providers.  After reading reviews, consulting with colleagues and friends alike, I chose to take my talents (or lack thereof) to In Motion O.C..I was immediately put at ease upon my first visit and initial evaluation at In Motion O.C.  It started with the GREAT front desk ladies (Meaghan and Carol) who always offer a kind smile, a joke, and some quick wit (not to mention, they are great in handling insurance claims and payments).  It then proceeded to some great physical therapists (Rachel and Chris), and some of the best in-training physical therapists you can find in Southern California!  In addition to the great people I have personally worked with and already mentioned, there are several others who I have had the pleasure of meeting and speaking with in passing.  Simply put, it is a great environment to recover in..I have been coming to In Motion O.C. now for about a month and I am WELL on my way to recovering from this devastating and debilitating injury.  No one day of PT is alike and I am constantly pushed physically (in a good way).  The worst thing a PT provider can do is let you become complacent in your recovery.  The individuals at In Motion O.C. do NOT do this.  They are there to help you recover as quickly as you can in both a safe and effective manner.  The service and treatment I have received during my time at In Motion O.C. has rivaled (and surpassed) any of the professional trainers and physical therapists provided me when I played competitive sports.  I cannot imagine going to a different facility or provider..So, to recap:  If you want to be pushed to recover (within your limits); be around great individuals and professionals while you do it; and, be taken care of from start to finish, I highly recommend that you also take YOUR talents to In Motion O.C.!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FgMYIciktjHWnFMGJdk0Yw	Highly recommend this place! Just finished treatment and feel much better!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=b_3hqGWYcX7M2EgnYbysvw	I am glad that to give my first review on yelp to In Motion oc. This is a very nice physical therapy place. The working area is huge. Most importantly, they are willing to improve themselves; recently, they are reorganizing the working area and they are hiring more therapist. Lastly , I recommend my therapist Victor. He is a very tough guy but I can really see my improvement.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5xBlp1oKUA290TytQ5VOEw	I've been going to In Motion OC to help me with knee pain. Everyone there is really nice and the facility is great. They listen to you and really work with you to get better. Jason helped me this week to improve my technique when doing stretches and exercises, and I saw a huge improvement..I would highly suggest going to In Motion OC if you need any type of physical therapy.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aR46pNjfQatspPBjcTtS1g	This place is NOT an aquatic facility!.Wow, everyone has left such great reviews!  I am absolutely sick about my experience!  First of all, my therapist was the bomb!!! His professionalism was above and beyond..     But, here is my issue... I need pool therapy.  In motion, do yourself a favor and build your own pool!  You will be bigger and better then the rest! And please make it salt water!.    You see, I have psoriatic arthritis amongst other problems that call for pool therapy.  You guys sent me 40 minutes out of my way for therapy in a chlorinated community center style pool.  There were 30 plus people in that pool.  The therapist had many people to watch in such a large pool!.    When I complained I was told to drive even further to get what I might be looking for?!?  Are you joking? I had to drive 40 mins longer and now I should drive even more? And to top it off, these places are no where close to you?  Why would you do business like that?  You have great pts, but you guys need to  decide what you wanna be?  A gym or a physical therapy center. I had to use almost a half tank of gas driving all over today.  I am so sick over how I waisted my gas & day.  All for no benefit at all.  Then I spent 3 more hours of my day trying to figure where my next place to go will be... With a pool!.I really felt I could have been happy there, but this pool problem is a deal breaker.  I'm so sorry!  I just can't tell you how badly I wanted this to work..What a bummer.	3 1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t-Bw3xYwh5BNsR1qOH8M4w	I don't normally write reviews, but this place has helped me out so much that I felt that I owed this to them.  .Basically, In Motion has helped me recover from two separate injuries over the past 10 years and I like everything about this place so I hope that this story is helpful to anyone who is trying to find a good physical therapy provider.  So here goes on a long overdue review..2006/2007 - I suffered a partially torn MCL in my right knee.  My doctor encouraged me to go through rehab/PT instead of opting for surgery.  I know that this is a short review, but the quick summary is that I spent nearly six weeks (3 times a week) with the crew at In Motion and never needed to have surgery.  The rehab went so well that I can actually say that I have more strength in my right knee which I rehabbed with In Motion than my left knee which I have never injured.  .2015 - I fully ruptured and separated my Achilles while snowboarding in early in 2015.  I elected to have surgery to reattach my Achilles.  I was in a hard cast for two weeks following surgery, then transitioned to a removable plastic walking boot shortly thereafter.  I was required to use crutches with my plastic boot for the next 8 weeks, but my surgeon suggested that I attend physical therapy during that time so that I would be ready to walk once the boot came off in 8 weeks.  I work in one of the high rise office buildings near the Airport in Irvine and wanted a physical therapist nearby that I could visit on my way home.  I recalled the great results that I had 8-9 years earlier with In Motion, but several of my coworkers recommended Prosport in Newport Beach off of Bristol.  On that recommendation, I called Prosport and tried to schedule appointments with them.  Without going into great detail, let's just say that they were so overbooked at Prosport that the first day that they could see me was over a week later.  Having been in a cast and being dormant for several weeks, the last thing I wanted to hear is that I would have to wait yet another week before beginning the road to recovery simply because a physical therapy provider was too busy to take me.  I was frustrated and decided to give my old place In Motion a call, and I'm happy that I did because I was able to get in the same evening.  The first thing that I noticed upon arrival at In Motion is that they had doubled the size of their facility since I was there last in 2006/2007.  They even have an offsite pool facility where they offer the low impact programs.  In any case, half of their facility in Irvine is for personal training and the other half is dedicated to physical therapy and rehab, but patients/clients you have access to the equipment on either side.  There are separate restrooms for men and women.  The men's restrooms are also a locker room with electronicly coded lockers so you never have to worry about your stuff getting misplaced or go missing.  They even have a full shower in the locker room with towels and all the standard shower necessities provided.  I never saw the women's side, but assume it is similar.  In the first few sessions, we began with basic range of motion exercises, balancing, mobility, etc.  It was a lot of hard work, sweat, grunting, and repetition, but the staff was very encouraging, careful, and motivational in my progress.  Eventually we progressed to walking in the plastic boot with only 1 crutch, then progressed to no crutches (but still with the boot).  Then the day that the surgeon cleared me to ditch the plastic boot, I was able to walk right out of the surgeon's office in two shoes.  I really like the way that In Motion assigns you to different therapists if your primary therapist is not available.  This allows you to schedule freely and never miss a day that you want to be there, but more importantly, it is nice to have a slightly different approach and regimen every so often.  After weeks and weeks of repetition, it helps keep the activities from getting stale.  From the front desk staff to the Physical Therapists and their PT aides, I have to say that the entire staff is great.  The entire staff will know your name by the second day that you visit and it seems like they can always fit you in to their schedule (unlike other places that are too busy).  Most of my sessions were with Rachel who was great.  I can't praise her enough for pushing me towards my goal.  I also had several sessions with Nhi and Victor who are both great as well.  They all know what they are doing, how much they can push you, and all have encouraging attitudes.  While I was rehabbing, I even referred two of my co-workers (with minor injuries like shoulder and back strains) and both had great results as well.  Bottom line is that In Motion has a great facility, their entire staff is incredible, and they are flexible and can accommodate your schedule (whether early or late in the day).	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=C63eyZR2o5V4rNnepuBdKA	I purchased the 2 week training program through Living Social. Though I was only able to attend 2 classes (1 with Ian and 1 with Kacie) they were both amazing and I really enjoyed the classes!  The class sizes were small and they really took consideration for the specific limitations I have with my knee.  . .From the first email I sent booking the appointment, to the end of my experience with them, the level of service was outstanding!  A lot of the online deals are half ass, they have really bad customer service, they get over booked, they don't answer the phone, and/or they over promise and under deliver!  But not at In Motion OC.  I appreciated the service and quality of this deal and of this business.  I would definitely go back there for training or physical therapy.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PFm61O98tXEVcIhk8grCpg	It's taken me a while to write a review of In Motion, mostly because I had such mixed feelings about my experiences there. I would have given this place 5 stars (more than five, if I could) if not for my last training session there with Kacie, which ruined the whole experience for me and basically made me fear ever going back again..First, let's talk about the GOOD. I got some free personal training sessions from them as a promotion I found online. First day I was inspected and timed on various activities to see what my skill level was and how well I knew the exercises, things like that. Ian was the trainer, and he was just amazing. Really worked me incredibly hard without being overbearing. When I needed to take a break because of pain or sickness, he allowed me to walk away to catch my breath or grab a drink of water and then called me right back in to get back to training. He was kind and motivating and really helped me work on my form and technique as well as getting through the exercises..Out of everything I experienced, I loved Ian most. And this is coming from someone with social anxiety. I was worried the whole time about having a male trainer, but let me tell you, Ian is PERFECT. You won't feel fat or ugly in front of him (I usually feel both when I'm working out, and he was a good looking guy, so that usually amplifies those feelings for me), and he will never make you feel like you CAN'T do something. There were a couple times he pushed me harder than I've ever been pushed before. Just writing this review makes me miss Ian. :(.The facilities are very very small, but that's part of the charm. If you're signed up for the 1-on-1 or semi-personal training, you'll work out in the small gym, sometimes with other gym members on the bike or elliptical behind you while you're training. There's a physical therapy center on the other side, a locker room, bathroom, and even showers. Also, the bathrooms have a ton of hair care products, towels, and soaps/lotions, which I thought was a nice touch..Everyone was incredibly nice and knowledgeable and even though the lady who met with me about my free trial was a bit pushy about me signing up ASAP for a long-term plan, I'm sure it's like that at every place that wants your business..Now, onto the bad. For my last free session, I chose to try Boot Camp with Kacie. I don't know if she still works there, but if she does, I HIGHLY recommend doing training with ANYBODY else. She was awful. I have never had such a difficult workout in my life, which would have been fine if my partner hadn't been having an asthma attack right beside me. When Kacie noticed, she told my partner to "keep going", even though her face was turning red for lack of oxygen. When the circuit was over, my partner had to sit out to start breathing naturally. Kacie didn't seem to pay her any added attention or see if she was all right. At the end of the workout, Kacie proceeded to lecture the group on her own personal eating habits, calling me out specifically. I told her I was a vegetarian, and she said, "why?? You should eat meat." It wasn't a joke. She continued to lecture for the next ten minutes about not eating this or that, and I'm all for learning new and healthy eating habits, but not when it forces me to do something I'm clearly not comfortable with and that upsets me emotionally. We didn't get a cool-down at all because of her lecture, and I left almost in tears because of her attitude towards me and my partner..So yeah, if you can get Ian and Ian ALONE, I'd highly recommend this gym. If you get stuck with Kacie? I wouldn't bother. I'd rather walk out of the gym and embarrass myself than ever deal with her again. :(	6	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lNGO8DKjPlJolGFDap-bWw	This review is for the gym at In Motion. .I heard about this place from a friend and being new to . decided to use their free trial to check it out. Before my first hour was up I signed a 1 year commitment..If you are looking for a huge sprawling place with rows of cardio machines and weights then this is not your place. But if you are looking for a smaller, more personal and friendly place then this is IT!!!!.If you are serious about losing weight or staying fit and need someone to work you thro it...look no further. They have a great personal training program here to fit all budget levels..From the staff at the front desk to the owners Jeff and Natalie, they are all super friendly and always willing to help you out. And the trainers - Cara and Ayn....dont know what to say about them but they are GREAT!!!! They definitely do kick your butt during training but also ensure that they keep the atmosphere fun and exciting. And their workout routines are very different from the run of the mill weight machines. .And btw, this facility is approved to accept Flex spending so that was an awesome PLUS point for me..Use their free trial to check this place out for yourselves and I guarantee you wont be disappointed!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nkEs_pEgffGUzNktQKDkyQ	This place is awesome and all the employees really care about their patients!.I would highly recommend In Motion to anyone!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lEgMAXLfg4TrIgL9YCMfqA	As a former client and patient at In Motion O.C., I have high praise for all of the physical therapists, physical therapy aides, and staff at this premier facility.  I recently sustained a serious injury to both knees in a skiing accident, and it seemed at first that I would never be able to ski again or participate in vigorous fitness activities.  But all that changed as a result of my therapy when I received cutting-edge medical treatment, individual attention, support, and encouragement at In Motion O.C.  After several months I was able to resume skiing and take up cycling.   Now, I am scheduled to participate in a 545-mile bike ride, the AIDS LifeCycle, and I will be cycling from San Francisco to Los Angeles with several thousand other riders on June 3-9, 2012.  Without the help of my friends at In Motion, I would never have even considered attempting this endurance event..My quality of life has been significantly changed and immeasurably improved through physical therapy.  This was possible because the therapists are highly credentialed (Doctors of P.T.) and well trained from prestigious programs.  In addition to their excellent credentials, I found the staff to be friendly, caring, and diligent.  Everyone at In Motion is terrific, and I highly recommend this facility.  They have a unique approach to helping physical therapy clients return to fitness and activity, as well as a wide variety of approaches to attaining wellness through personal training, nutrition, postural training, and other adjunct therapies.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=s-wmjWse7X_1kC64n-MxHQ	I'm very fortunate to have stumbled into the boot camp sessions In Motion offers. My company comes here MWF, from 12-1 to take part in the lunchtime training session. The only other training camps I've attended were all held by Nike, so it was a pleasant surprise to get that level of exercise from a small gym nudged in a business park. .The place is an ideal size for effective training. Not too big, no distractions and a very friendly and knowledgeable staff. The receptionist, Maddie, was extremely kind and professional. It was obvious she had a very keen knowledge of physical therapy and customer service. Our main trainer is Kaci (spelling?), a world champion racer,and excellent motivator. Our class is constantly pushed to the brink, while balancing an intense fully body work out with a congenial, amicable atmosphere. It really leaves you exhausted at the end of the session but excited to come back. Ian and Jeff are two other employees at In Motion (Jeff is the owner, super cool, actually works out with our group) that offer outstanding levels of service. Both had remembered everyones name on the second day and really make you feel at home and comfortable. It seems that the In Motion staff really prides themselves on the level of service and guidance they provide their clients..If your boss allows it, I HIGHLY recommend the lunch session boot camp. It really reenergizes your body, leaving you mentally ready to finish the day, stronger than you started it. Its a great way to change up your busy work schedule, and with the locker rooms being well stocked, it allows for an easy and quick transition from sweaty mess back to corporate professional. Complete with shower, towels, mouth wash, spray deodorant, shampoo, body wash, facial cleanser, q-tips, hair blower, shaving cream & razors, it is obvious that they know how to take care of busy businessmen/women. Super excited for my next training session tomorrow!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FybkqNag6VXuuTwtss9Gdw	I had bone fusion surgery on my cervical spine (c6-c7) and have had some pain in my right shoulder and arm. My surgeon reffered me to In Motion and I'm so thankful he did! I've been seen by Ann, Natalie and Anna. I tried another place closer to where I live and it was NO BUENO!! After just one visit and being seen by these GENIUS girls, I really do feel better than I did when I walked in! I'm definitely following through with my P.T. here and I can't wait to see what I feel like a month from today!  I live in Redlands and its worth the drive to get that kind of care and RELIEF!  Thank you In Motion Crew! -A.Gutknecht		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sIFLOO_ztnSdmiEa9BUIdw	I went to In Motion OC for physical therapy. I had Jan, who was really great. She was professional but personable, and really made me feel like I can handle the pain and the work needed to overcome it. .Typically, the PT evaluates you, assigns the exercises and supervises, then for the later sessions the PT evaluates you, but one of their other staff will supervise. All of the staff were really professional and friendly, they make an effort to know your name and your history, and even after I had told them I was moving cross-country and wouldn't be able to come in anymore, Jan called me just to say bye and tell me to keep doing my exercises. .Highly recommended.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aGBjNje2-TMb7hOwKvOf3Q	I have used In Motion's services over the years for three different issues/injuries and each time I have been so impressed with their professionalism, courtesy and the knowledge and skill level of their employees.  Their PT's are incredibly helpful and friendly and are very attentive to the needs of clients.  The facilities are nice and well maintained.  The front desk and office staff are professional, courteous and helpful when it comes to scheduling, billing and payments, etc.  Overall, In Motion really feels like a big, caring family.  I have referred friends, family and colleagues to In Motion and will continue to do so.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zTQfUahdLPD7vJdpeU95dQ	I have been having therapy for eight weeks. Thought I would be needing a hip replacement but it turns out to have been a muscle problem. The therapists have helped me a lot and the pain is gone. Very professional, punctual and friendly personnel. I recommend In Motion OC highly.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Vv6OFuTmElu5ft5Talpmpg	Everyone there is extremely knowledgeable, helpful and really care about your well being.  I've been greeted by name every time I go. The staff is very professional but still allow a fun atmosphere that really helps you relax and work through the ailments. I've been seen after back surgery which combined aquatic therapy and land therapy, kneed rehab and shoulder rehab from a dislocation. I've also transitioned over to the fitness side and have been going there for about a year now.  You get a personal trainer who works with you individually or in a group no more than 4 people, yet still tailored to your specific needs for fitness based on a open line of communication between the fitness trainers and physical therapists so you are never in danger of performing an exercise that may hurt you.  A really fun, caring and positive environment. I truly enjoy going there and know that at any point if I bang my self up there is a staff of people to help me recover.  I highly recommend them.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vb897AlSPHKiBQ9kFyXYCw	My husband Dick, attends aquatic therapy.  He has  regained so much strength and mobility from when he started. Chelsea and his other  physical therapists have been so wonderful and diligent in helping him through his routine of exercises.When  we walk in the door we are greeted by Debbie. Her beautiful smile and a great personality can make anyone's day great. The staff at the desk always have a ready smile. We are so grateful  to In Motion for their good work in helping my husband Dick to be progressing  so well.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=B4HQiMsw5fA-NqRMJB5HvQ	This review is for physical therapy in the office and not aquatic.  I've gone to three different physical therapy places over the years and this place looks great.  The front staff is very friendly and courteous.  The owner, Natalie is very knowledgeable, but doesn't do physical therapy.  It's a shame because I did my consultation with her and she was awesome!  She really knew her stuff, was friendly, energetic, but the PT's I worked with didn't come close to her.  They weren't very good at explaining things, were quiet and didn't provide exercise sheets.  The aide I worked with my first time was good and took time to explain things and make sure I did the exercises the correct way.  A for him!.The next appointment I believe I had an intern.  While looking at the exercise sheet, he seemed unsure and when I said I had an epidural in my lower back he asked what that was.  I was a little disappointed that he didn't even know what an epidural injection was.  That lead me to go to the PT place my doctor had originally recommended and I saw a difference.  The PT and her aide were from USC, were energetic, talkative and the office was full of patients and lively.  They asked me a lot of questions and seemed to want me to really improve.  I look forward to going back there..I wish I had felt that way with In Motion.  I think they have potential to be a great place, but need to make some changes..An additional note, they have a sign that says they will give an iPad to the person who writes the best review on yelp.. .I feel bad and think they are going to do better. I'm changing my review from 3 stars to 4.	3 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nRmc_JIftSMc4LJHsD0Kiw	I spent some, okay a lot, of quality time at In Motion OC for a little over 6 months. They are the best and the brightest at what they do and how they do it, especially in light of the fact that I was broken in so many places and was bent at the waist at the time of my first visit...ok,and seriously sleep-deprived and working my way up to super cranky..With a lot of patience and a ton of hard work on all of our parts, I have regained my excellent posture, almost all of my strength to the level preceding the accident, and can do many of the activities that I enjoyed before the injuries. .Unfortunately, the pain escalated in the late spring of this year. I thought I was getting better, but two orthopedic surgeons (hip and spine) delivered some really painful news. However, they both said that I have fantastic posture and range of motion considering the extent of my injuries and wanted to know where I worked on PT . Of course they would notice and want to know, In Motion is the best! .I wish we were still close enough to come back to In Motion for my PT rewind. I think of you Nick, EVERY night when I do my killer ab-plank-balance ball exercises..The entire staff was amazing and took excellent care of me. If there were a ten-star button, I would give it to you.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3D1ie3pncfJ_dKuv7_Gq4w	I highly recommend In Motion OC.  I was in a car accident, and suffered a lower back injury.  I live in Riverside County, but work in Irvine.  So I needed to find a place close to work to be able to do physical therapy.  From the start, the staff was great.  I worked with several of the therapists, and they made each session different.  They geared the sessions to push me and help me recover quickly, but without risking re-injury.  They evaluate your progress and make adjustments as needed.  They truly care about your recovery process, and getting you back to your normal routine.  Victor, Rachel, Prakesh, and the rest of the staff are very professional yet personable.  I always looked forward to going in.  I have completed my physical therapy and feel great.  Hopefully, I will never need them again, but if circumstances are such I would go back there.  Check them out if you're in need of physical therapy.  You love the care that you get with them.  .Happy and healthy former patient,.Steven L.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Tf63iYl9_o0s67xJkq7eIQ	Christy is AMAZING!!!!!  I had a back issue that just kept lingering but Christy fixed me right up.  She is different than other PTs because she works on you for 15 minutes (massaging and stretching) before you start your exercises.  .When I say exercises, I don't mean stretching on your own in some corner I mean actual exercises that strengthen your muscles and gives you a work-out.  The two aides that I worked with, Katie and Rikesh, are there the whole time to assist with your exercises.  You get individualized attention here which is not what I experienced at a different PT place.  .I am all better now but Christy gave me a "homework" sheet so I can continue to do maintenance on my own.  Best PT place in OC!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E8iOSVAlbpeU6QVmdGSw0A	i live in New Mexico and while on vacation in CA I found In Motion OC. I was extremely pleased with the professionalism of the staff. The gentle yet effective techniques Haze used on my shoulder helped tremendously. He was able to see me 15 times during my 30 day visit. Other places I've gone have caused more pain and didn't fix the issue. I no longer have issues with shoulder pain. Great place, great people, I would highly recommend!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SyxKAKr4zkr_N91GJ_xiSw	Update 12/23/15: Billing office messed up again. I can't tell you how frustrated I am at this point. Lowering to 3 stars..Currently going to PT for a herniated disc, c6. PT team is great to work with, always a fun vibe which helps to distract from what you are doing. Mostly working with Victor (PT) and Jason (aide), both are awesome. Facility is very clean, locker room has most things you would need post workout (shower, blow dryer, general hygiene products, etc.). To be completely honest, I have had my struggles with the front office, therefore the 4 stars (could be 3 but the PT side is great). I had a very hard time getting scheduled and ended up starting 1.5 weeks later than my doctor wanted. They are very busy, hard to get scheduled. I got scheduled a week out, showed for first appt, but PT called in sick (rather that than a sick PT), but due to the early morning appt, they couldn't accommodate me that day. Rescheduled me for the following Tues, however, they didn't save it in their computer. They had to reschedule me again, but got me in same day. They ran my insurance before I started, but then didn't check it again when I started or while I was going so I met my deductible in one of my first couple of visits and therefore was overcharged by ~$400. They got me refunded that week, however I was less than thrilled and generally find this unacceptable. Recently, I was scheduled for my progress note, however front desk didn't send my paperwork to me so they had to treat that appt as a regular one and move my progress to the following visit. Not impactful to me, but just another issue with front desk. I would say, take your chances and go here, I know they are working on improving the front and it helps that they are sooooo nice! I have done PT a number of times throughout my life while playing sports and also worked for a PT office myself. The PT team is worth going here, just stay on top of your billing and appointments and I think you will enjoy your time.		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Oy2LaxtROYr5Mo-15wV87g	Excellent place to get kneaded on. Everybody works well together, and they're all very personable. Thank you Kni and Victor for all the good work.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VXxd_gVgRrUjMyNu-_INgg	All i can say is Everyone at In Motion OC are amazing . They are super friendly, knowledgable, and caring. I actually look forward to going to my PT appointments. I have specifically worked with Ann, Shelby, And Daneil on the Pt side and with Marci on the fitness side and They are AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so thank youuuuu For everything!!!!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UtM8miwSQU67kzCX7SRjyA	I am very pleased with In Motion OC.  I went there a couple years ago for knee issues and since then, I have not had any problems with my knee. Now I'm going for 'frozen shoulder' problems and after a few visits, I'm already feeling better and have better range of motion.  The therapists are very knowledgeable, helpful and committed to helping me fix the problem.  They really make me feel like I'm their only patient which I really appreciate - full service at its best.  The front desk is always so pleasant and friendly so you feel so welcomed.  Lastly, they have a fully stocked locker/changing room.  I wouldn't go anywhere else for me PT needs!  They are the best.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WHy-RMhDlUp3AfObj0zSNQ	Everyone here is very helpful and friendly. Rebecca is 'setting me straight', with help from Shelby, Anton, Chelsea and Henry.  Carol, at the front desk is so nice and resourceful.  They're a great group of therapists, making sure I'm comfortable but working hard. I'm so glad I was referred to In Motion, I give em 5 stars!!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=q3hn4e2XkIq2AyDpISv9ng	I bought a coupon for 6 sessions for 17 bucks.  It was a pretty sweet deal.  Unfortunately for me, no training sessions worked with my schedule except the MWF 6-7 am.  Soo I signed up and dragged my ass to the gym in the dark.  These ppl know what they are doing.  I only made it to 4 sessions but I could totally feel and see the difference.  We did our training outside.  I had not done so many lunges, jump roping, pushing ups, squats and planks in my life.  .I would've kept on going and bought the 2nd session but, dang, it was expensive!	2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FFokEeINK4h0MT_qq24Qew	I was recommended to come here from my doctor due to lower back injuries. I never went to physical therapy before but my short term experience here was great. All of the staff were friendly. Even though they were outside of my insurance coverage, they worked with me to make it affortable for me to be their customer.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JzP1aAeC9bfuqZGjNs1hXw	This review is about In Motion OC's physical therapy section....First of all, I've been going to physical therapy for various issues for years and I have experienced the good, the bad, and the ugly.  In Motion OC is the BEST.  and I really mean it.  They properly divide their team up so you are always under the instruction of someone.  The PT helps you do stretches (hands-on) and exercises.  Not to mention, In Motion OC doesn't give you a huge packet of "homework" exercises to do at home.  You learn in PT and do whatever feels right for you to do at home.  They taught me a stretch I can do on my own and it's literally gotten me off all my pain meds in 2 sessions.  .Also, you can't help but love everyone's smiling face when you walk in!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oLlMz6in5tm-Ug6jfGCvRQ	In Motion OC is a phenomenal Physical Therapy clinic! I went in for some work on my right shoulder and lower back after being in a car accident and the therapist was fantastic! Chelsea really knows her stuff, is very professional, efficient and gifted! I couldn't have asked for a better therapist! The front desk staff and the owners, Jeff and Natalie Thomas are all very friendly, welcoming and professional! I was almost sorry to see my sessions come to an end! I would  HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend In Motion OC for your physical therapy and fitness needs!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M7lfryfU7VpOI_B3_h0ojQ	I have been an In Motion OC (IMOC) client since it opened 10 years ago. Initially, I was (and from time to time continue to be) a Physical Therapy client. However, almost 5 and a half years ago, I started as a Fitness client, so I think I have a unique perspective into both sides of the clinic. The Physical Therapy staff have been wonderful as I have visited them over the years. They are attentive, professional and I always felt like they gave me great advice on how to manage my own treatment away from the clinic. They seem to be up on the latest techniques and it is not uncommon to see the entire staff training during off hours to further perfect their skills..I joined the Fitness program at IMOC right after it began. I love the small group workout sessions because the trainers have time to ensure that clients are using proper techniques and they know our individual quirks and ailments...this helps in tailoring the sessions to our specific needs. Having other clients in the group provides the level of accountability we need to keep coming back! I honestly don't know what condition I would be in had I not maintained my training regiment....The trainers...Jimmy and Marci...are well-suited for this job, as they exude patience, professionalism and a sense of humor. They ably deal with some of the more difficult clients who sometimes don't want to be pushed harder than they think they can be (OK...on occasion that's me!). These two are top-notch and very good at what they do. .Perhaps what I love most about IMOC is that it feels like a family. You won't find a nicer, more compassionate group than this one!.I highly recommend IMOC for all your Physical Therapy needs and to help you achieve your Fitness goals.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aFWdS-ZY7GyJQmZhi_NZ3Q	Best physical therapists in Orange County.  I'm dong PT for my torn rotator cuff (shoulder).  Good aquatic therapy.  I'm 80% better!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SoEVwIW9Q7KopEKchjQVuw	I had a history of "less than success" at all my fitness endeavors over the last several years.  You might even have called me an "accident waiting to happen."   It seems that a back injury, inflexibility, extra weight and age were all starting to take their toll.  Yoga hadn't worked for me.  Zumba was too much on my knees.  And, swimming, while I love to swim, I wasn't going to sacrifice my hair-do's.  .My doctor said I needed to swim or work out ASAP.  So fortunately, a friend of mine who had been a Motion OC client for many years chimed in and recommended this company.  .My experience has been nothing but positive.  Start with a friendly and welcoming front desk staff. They are organically friendly -- not fake.  I love walking in the door to their cheerful greetings.   Then, a very non-threatening complimentary one-hour fitness assessment/sample class by a simply excellent trainer.   .Then I began.  The most amazing thing about the training is that it is so customized and tailored to my strength level and flexibility that I LOVE coming to work out sessions.  This is, I am sure, the beginning of a path toward wellness, health and strength.  Who could ask for anything more?  .Three cheers for the management, trainers, and all the team at Motion OC.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=S2RRLH74dbCkjtIUHlfs4A	My experience here was very unfortunate. In short, they wouldn't see me because I didn't have an ID to show them. I let the receptionist know that I had lost my ID and was waiting to receive a new one in the mail from the DMV..I provided a copy of my insurance card and offered to provide multiple other forms of ID as evidence including credit cards, business cards, etc. The receptionist then wanted to make a copy of my credit card as proof of my "ID" which seemed both absurd and unprofessional. .When I told the receptionist I wasn't comfortable with her copying my credit card (what normal person would), she said sorry we can't see you. .It's also worth noting that the customer service was somewhat lacking at this place. When I walked in no one spoke to me for about five minutes and the receptionist seemed to be in a bad mood or have a chip on her shoulder, maybe she was having a bad day who knows. .Despite the fact that I was feeling sick and needed to be seen, at no point did the receptionist or manager even offer an alternative such as suggesting another urgent care. The compassion factor was definitely lacking at this place.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9GpMrHTbb_1lQuVB5UF4qA	Came in for a severe nasal or allergy issue or something weird going on my with my nasal passageways... but I needed some immediate attention as I had a hard time breathing. Walked in on a weekday afternoon and was in a patient room in about 10 minutes. .Staff was pretty friendly and facilities were clean, quiet with a small play area for kids. They definitely keep this place spic-and-span clean though!.I was seen by Dr Vesal about my symptoms. He was pretty informative, patient with my questions and gave me options for things I could do to help relieve my trouble breathing. Eventually I went home with a couple prescriptions, including an inhaler (boo... but it is what it is). .I'm already starting to feel better though. Would recommend Irvine Urgent Care... being in a nice clean facility when you feel like crap and have nice staff/doctors helping you definitely makes you feel better!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8WozSxgWHDO70TMWAdCEEg	These 5 star reviews must be fake. At least some of them. Save yourself the time of coming here. I arrived at 11:00 AM, wasn't taken in the back until 12:00 AM. I can understand there being a wait, but why several people who came in after me got to go in first, I don't understand. Once I got in the back the female nurse was very nice, talked to me and I waited for the doctor. After about 20 minutes no doctor came, but they said we were going to do an ultrasound (which is the only reason I came to this place, because they have one). Once I got to the room they said i needed to drink water and let it get through my system. Now I had to wait another 20 minutes and chug two cups of water. If you know your patient is going to get an ultrasound, don't wait and give them the water once your in the ultrasound room. I should have been given it 30 minutes prior when i said i wanted an ultrasound. Anyways, It's about 1:00 PM now and we are starting the ultrasound. She does my kidneys for about 20-30 minutes and goes to show the doctor. She said my bladder still wasn't full enough (probably because it didn't have enough time to digest) and i would have to drink more water and wait longer. So I'm chugging water and the nurse comes back and says actually we don't have to do the bladder. I figured this meant they found something. I went back to the room and finally the doctor came. At this point they are about to close, its about 2:10PM on a Sunday. The male doctor with white hair comes into the room and says he didn't find anything. So, at this point, Im wondering why you didn't take the time to ultrasound my bladder when you didn't find anything?! At this point I realized it was out of laziness and not wanting to get out of work late. I waited 4 hours for them to cut my visit short and give me antibiotics just to get me out of there. The doctor and the male nurse stood with the door wide open while he gave me my prescription! Talk about lack of privacy. THEN the doctor didn't explain ANYTHING about the prescription. He said take this twice a day and went to dip. I was very concerned, said i had never taken this before and needed more info. It was clear he was not in the mood to help and i had to ask so many questions and I'm still sitting here wondering how long i take this shit? I wanted some answers, I have had these problems for a while which is why i wanted an ultrasound. I got no answers and don't even know what this antibiotic is treating. Also, it took almost 4 hours, and the doctor spent 2 minutes with me. Worst urgent care Ive ever been to.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sIAq7tmwSroA7xoOdIqzrw	The staff here is incredible. The staff at the front desk are very helpful with questions, and you are quickly called back to see the nurses/doctors. .I have a huge fear of needles, and the staff here has been phenomenal each time I've come in to get a shot or get a TB test. I got a chicken pox shot here about a year ago, and the staff member who gave me the shot was unbelievably patient and understanding. She talked me through the procedure, she grabbed a cup of water for me, and she made sure I was comfortable the entire time. Last week, I went in for a TB test, and I had a similar experience. I was given a cup of water, the procedure was discussed, and the staff made sure to make me as comfortable as possible. .I have had some bad experiences with my needle phobia with other medical staff (NOT at this Urgent Care), and it puts me at such ease knowing that the staff here will handle me with great patience and understanding. Thank you so much to all of the staff at the Irvine Urgent Care!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WJzIqik8T2wHv_RvBiI2lw	Responsive people and a professional approach. Quickly and efficiently..Thank you!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9Bxl6nHhfJO4mSQ142IS_w	I needed to find a new doctors office and one of my good friends is a patient at Irvine Urgent Care and told me about them. Not only are they an urgent care, but they are also approved to be primary care physicians (PCP).  I had a yearly physical done with Dr. Risser and was in and out of their facility within 45 minutes.  Everyone from the front office to the back office staff and doctor were very friendly and accommodating. It's safe to say I've found my new doctor!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1ZytIw6Hr8SN_arz1p4cAw	Came to this place twice, both was getting quickly, no long wait. The place has all the equipment needed. However, the staff was cold, unfriendly and lack of empathy. They just doing their routine job, come in, did their job and get out quickly. The PA and the doctor hardly spent any time with me, about 2 -3  minutes each at max/ I had questions to ask, but it seems like they were too busy, had to see other patients, or perhaps have to go home etc....therefore I am going home with questions unanswered. Moreover, the staff never call after the insurance approved, I had to call them, they told me some girl who handle the paper work will call me, but she never did. More over, I later found out from visit other doctor and talked to Pharmacist, that I was prescribed too many medication that interacted with each other. The doctor had only a few minute with me to go over everything..Warning: One of the medication I got is interact with another medication that currently taking as the Pharmacist warned me. I called and told them to change, the Pharmacist has been calling the place but no one bother take care. In the mean time, I am stuck with medications that are interacts. it's is dangerous for my life. This should be reported. I was tired of waiting, so I called to ask why did they not take care, the girl even got mad of me. This is their fault for not taking care sooner, yet they got mad of me. Horrible staff, Do not go there.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zvvHpE1nVKOmZkznq6pbNw	This is absolutely the best Urgent Care (maybe the best place within all medical-related institutions) I have ever been to. I visited this place three times due to different reasons, each and every time I received super professional, friendly and effective treatment..1. 0 to 10 minutes waiting time.Starting from the front desk, everything was so efficient: I just checked in with my name and insurance card (new patient needs a little extra time to fill in certain documents), and every time a nurse was already calling my name that I did not even finish swiping my card for copay. Yes, they were that fast and convenient..2. Professional and nice staff.All nurses and doctors here were super patient, nice yet professional. They knew their job well. They performed a few checks or tests and prescribed me for the right treatment immediately. .3. Complete and diverse examinations.Besides regular examinations, this urgent care is equipped with CT scanner, X-Ray, Ultrasonic scanner and all other medical machines. They could also do a blood or urine test if needed. Before you realized, all results and reports were ready for doctor's review..4. Clean, always clean.It is a huge surprise that Urgent Care could be this clean! All rooms, medical accessories, equipments and beds were always clean. I felt so comfortable each time I walked in..Amazing management, great staff and convenient location. It is truly a treasure to benefit Irvine community. Thank you so much!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ltTWEt5oo2dA98RmvfO32Q	I came across this urgent care on yelp, I felt very dehydrated, I noticed that had IV bags, so decided to give them a call before I came in to see if they accepted my insurance (hmo). They didn't but gave me a cash price. I came in and everyone was very friendly and helpful. The doctors assistant, Carlos, was super nice and helpful. I'm feeling a lot better thank you so much!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=QvIaFggu6hHXZ2cgNN92Kw	Needed to get some vaccines since i was traveling out of the country , as soon as i walked in i noticed how clean this office was and how well kept it was . Everyone was extremely helpful with my questions regarding what type of vaccines i needed . Really appreciate how quick they were  i was in and out. I'll be back to get my physical done here i found my new doctor office !!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KF6QMIvEniEo8D7DufhuZg	Love this place. It's rare to find an urgent care with diagnostic equipment so I was thankful and relieved to find Irvine Urgent Care. Their system is efficient and while there may be a wait sometimes they are prompt with getting you seen and diagnosed as soon as possible. The doctors are caring and thorough. The facility is clean and I've never had a problem with any of their staff. I am so glad they are open 7 days a week..My tip though would be for the staff answering the call to say their name. Their greeting is "Irvine Urgent Care" and while that is acceptable the person should also state their name so we know who to refer back to.	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-dIXN2oYyaT8H4cPbdUg8Q	Came in on a late Monday night after I thought I for sure broke my finger after I caught a football like a chump.  Swelled and bruised up pretty good.  So my friend took me to this urgent care.  I dreaded this. I was so surprised how clean, efficient, quick, and treated with compassion. I recommend this urgent care for the best services. Best patient care hands down.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oFf9GL-oP8UAvfYm587L7w	This place is great! The staff here are very nice & knowledgeable & the Dr was attentive & precise on helping me with my needs. To my surprise the front desk greeted me promptly upon walking in, & made sure to get the information needed to make my visit a little more easier. I waited about an hour maybe less, which wasn't so bad. I will definitely be coming back! Thank you Irvine Urgent Care! .Came back for another visit and decided to update my review..I didn't have time to make an appointment so I was forced to walk-in. (Wasn't too excited about that) but to my surprise it was fairly quick and easy. I was in and out within 45 minutes. I'm so glad I was able to come back and be provided with the same professionalism they previously provided. Keep it up Irvine Urgent Care!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TsKvtdnMOUhh7FEHGR-6xA	I was in Irvine visiting some friends this past week when I sprained my knee. I have had knee problems before and although I had pain in the past, this was pretty bad. I couldn't fully put pressure on my leg or foot so I knew that I couldn't drive all the way back to LA in this sort of pain. Thankfully when I looked on Yelp I found this place and it wasn't too out of the way from where I was so my friends were kind enough to help me get there.  .First off, I really want to note how friendly the workers are in this facility and how extremely clean it is!! I've been to other Urgent Cares before in LA, and I have not seen one so clean before. The staff was very organized and helped me right away..Dr. Nguyen was very kind and attentive. They were really concerned about my needs and how I was feeling, which is great because I usually just get an in and out kind of treatment in medical facilities. I needed crutches and a knee brace and thankfully my insurance covered it. Since I never used crutches before the nurses were nice enough to give me a little lesson on how to use them. .Overall, great experience. I am really glad that I was able to find this place!! Would definitely recommend to a friend.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=THy-xQeFZahxrzL2Uz3QVg	Updated my rating to reflect the newer service received..They called me back and talked to me about my bill. I appreciate that they did reach out to explain what charges were are why. We ended up settling in a number more in line with my visit.	2 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IYxxwAt70YrEv2o7qutBJw	Always my go-to urgent care even when I moved out of Irvine. The staff is always friendly. What I thought was a dislocated finger turned out to just be a pulled ligament. The guys that did the preliminary checkups/xray were friendly, funny, and made things less sterile for a doctor's office. .Dr. Nguyen was super nice and very thorough even though it took less than 5 mins since it wasn't as bad as I thought. .The office was very clean and tidy. I always get nervous about going to doctors offices/clinics cuz I think they're a cesspool of germs, but they make things less worrisome (still gotta douse myself in purel though).		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qBobcaZhl0iHA3jNkEHZvw	Wow.. this place was stress free! The people there are really nice and the whole process was super fast and efficient. I was in and out in no time. Thank jeez, I don't like being in places like that too long so it really made the day easy on me.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uyTH-uVtzrskgMwuzVFGEw	I have to say, Dr. Omid is my hero. Every time I feel like sh*t, he saves my life. What's funny is he knows I'm dying when he sees me in the waiting room and gives me the wave like he's totally gonna help me. I've never been to a better urgent care where I've been taken care of by the entire staff and the doctor like I have felt here. Dr. Omid is basically my primary care doctor there is no need for one because he takes care of anything basic and if I need anything else he refers me to another doctor. I am selfish and I don't want to share my secret jem only because I don't like waiting 2 hours in the waiting room, but I have to give my Dr. props because he's the man and I have to say Thank you doctor for always making me go from feeling like death to an entirely new human being!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_qv38TurjSMnllAkTtezEQ	I was staying in Irvine with a friend for a few days and developed a severe pain in my lower back/right side. I couldn't handle the pain any longer and didn't want to drive back to the San Fernando Valley to my usual urgent care location. I found this place though yelp and couldn't be more thankful that I did..Checking in was a breeze and I was called in shortly after. Dr. Nguyen was so kind and made me feel incredibly comfortable. After a quick examination, she was able to diagnose me and provide me with aftercare instructions. I was then out of the office and on my way. I was feeling better within a few hours!.I cannot thank Dr. Nguyen and all the staff at Irvine Urgent Care enough! I come to the Irvine area often and if I'm ever feeling under the weather or have another other pains, this is the first place I'll be coming to!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Vmh0rwpFz44mpPNJad03kg	Why can't all urgen care facilities be just like this one!? I've been lucky enough to "end up here" two times now. I remember liking this place after my first visit. The place is so clean and spacious, the staff was super helpful in answering all my questions and they got me in and out way faster than I expected. After this second visit, I felt the need to write a review! 5 stars all the way for another great experience! Thank you to all the staff at Irvine Urgen Care!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1XABPnbEOWK3KyAmBNW1jQ	I was living in Irvine just down Jeffrey and Barranca and I had to get to a hospital or urgent care asap because I strained my back while working out. I didn't have time to go to Bellflower where my doctor was so I came to Irvine Urgent Care and had my back looked at. First off, the place is very clean. My friend Andrew was with me and waited in the waiting room while they checked my back..Everyone was very helpful and friendly. They gave me some medicine to ease the pain for a day or two so I can rest before seeing my doctor in Bellflower. I would recommend this urgent care if you're anywhere in Orange County. Awesome staff and prime location. Thankful for all the help.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tMr1j_pigPYN-FptStYSbA	I was in Irvine on some business when I tripped over a planter (don't text and walk) and fell awkwardly on my arm. I didn't have any friends or family nearby, but the nurses and staff made me feel safe and welcome. .I honestly couldn't have come to a better place! I'm such a baby when it comes to pain, Dr. Vessel was very gentle with my X-ray and even cracked a few jokes to keep my mind off of it. I'm super clumsy, so if I trip and fall into Irvine Urgent care again, I know I will be very taken care of. Thanks again!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RB49RZs183f3Ajm4gI_6cg	I am visiting Irvine Urgent care since 2015. It is a well-equipped, clean place with professional staff members. Everyone from the receptionist to doctors and nurses were friendly and ready to help.. I was well taken care of and treated with respect.  .This urgent care is equipped with CT scanner, X-Ray, Ultrasonic scanner and all other medical machines. They could also do a blood test if needed. It is the second year, that I am doing my annual examination here..Doctor Diana Nguyen take time to have a conversation with me, every time I visit the office. She is very knowledgeable and doing a great job..Irvine Urgent care is one of the nicest, cleanest urgent care facilities I've ever been too.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=23KRLHv4lG3N5t739HXvpQ	My experience at Irvine urgent care was absolutely wonderful. They took excellent care of me and handled my whole case from start to end impeccably. I fell off the stairs and hurt my knee and was recommended this place by a friend and I believe it was the best decision I've made. The nurses were attentive and knowledgeable. . .My fracture is healing nicely and I'm on my way to recovery. I appreciate everything the doctors did for me. I felt well taken care of and wish I knew about this facility before. I will be considering this place as my first option moving forward regarding urgent care. Thank you again, and may the Lord bless you.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bOndf2qvMC04nGywk7e6wg	I had gotten bronchitis at work from a coworker who came in with a fever. Needless to say, the whole office ended up getting sick and coughing. I got sick on early Dec. got a round of antibiotics and then had a great but stressful holiday season with all the hustle bustle and additional social events that I don't normally go to. After the new year, I returned for work feeling pretty good, then I got sick again from the office passing it around. It's a bad virus and you feel better one day and then not the next so I didn't seek medical attention right away. When I did, I used an app and the doctor could have given me antibiotics but since I got them the month before told me to go to my regular medical doctor. I waited a few days because I already had an appointment and got antibiotics from him but he recently moved to a new office and doesn't even have a stethoscope! Needless to say, after all of this I needed a one stop shop!.I took myself down to Irvine Urgent Care. I had been years ago but thankfully have not needed to go since. Each time, I have gotten great care. I met with Carlos who set me up for a chest X Ray and turns out I had a mild pnumonia. Dr. Nguyen explained my results and gave me medicine. It was rough and they had me come in for further tests to make sure it was gone and it just took some time to get better. I called a number of times because I'd never experienced anything that bad before and they assured me it was normal to experience my symptoms, explained what to do and never made me feel bad about calling for clarification. Both Carlos and Dr. Nguyen and the staff were all great. Everything is in house too. Highly recommend!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rPu8zw_Y4FalH5vr7asafg	This place came with good yelp reviews...apparently its good if you not a minority. . My wife and I came in to be seen for my 6 month old son who was wheezing and had difficulty breathing.  Needless to say we waited for the over one hour while 2 white patients were seen before my son. .Apparently the this clinic supports Donald Trump.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KC_eWl6D6OUQ4jDShd2xhA	Had a sore throat, and Dr. Omid Vesal immediately and very aggressively offered IV steroids and IV antibiotics. Seriously, it was like a tag team duo between him and a guy that looked like his brother, trying to coerce me into agreeing to get an IV put in. I was not comfortable with the sudden idea of an IV, and so refused this service (a fundamental right as a patient). .Instead of coming back to offer oral antibiotics, Dr. Vesal finds Dr. Diana Nguyen to come do the job for him. She does a great job, and I'm off on my merry way with some oral antibiotics and oral steroids. Feeling great!.A little while later, I get my bill in the mail.  I'm on student health insurance, and know that it's out of network, and went without a referral, so I expected to pay a reasonable amount for the checkup and prescriptions. Instead, I see that I'm charged not just once, but four times for injection/infusion, at $150 a pop! Who charges a student four times for a service that was never rendered?  If that isn't abusive billing, I don't know what is. .Abusive billing is not okay!.I'm sure I'm not the first person to experience this at Irvine Urgent Care (sort the reviews lowest to highest to get past all the fake 5-star reviews).  If anyone else experiences abusive billing, please know that this is medical billing fraud, and is a reportable (see NHCAA) and legally actionable offense.	7 5 4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XXFrAP9ntx7GMVsBoc-MRA	I was on my way to work when I got a call that my Grandma was in pain and needed to go get treated. I picked her up and took her straight here because I remember driving by it when I was visiting my parents' place. The wait was not long and they quickly diagnosed her and got her treated. The doctor was super nice and better yet very accommodating for my aging grandma and her pain. They got her treated and out the door the same day!.My uncle was taken here as well when he had issues with his spleen, and got the same great service. Needless to say, it is the go to place for my family when we need medical attention! Thanks Irvine Urgent Care for taking care of my family!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-mu7bTuLDtfwHOoh70SPWA	Amazing and FAST service. I've been to several urgent care facilities and waited hours in crappy rooms. Here I was in and out in less than an hour, the staff was incredibly friendly and sincere. They did initial intake and discovered the issue quickly, put me on an IV, 3 different people came in to check on me every few minutes, and was out with my medication within minutes! The facility seemed new and very clean, examination rooms had televisions. Congratulations to this staff! And thank you!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Jq33ZeqyEsQnQzLBqog9Ug	After a HORRIBLE couple of visits at Newport Center Urgent Care this place (Irvine Urgent Care) was a welcome surprise! I love this place, the staff, they are solution oriented and your care is their top priority!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CxbS6nC9aupVxahrBTtl1Q	I was playing basketball one afternoon and I went up for a rebound came down wrong, and injured my right knee I could not put weight on it all. So I rushed to the nearest place that had x rays found this place. Everything was so easy I was gettin an X-ray in 15 min from arriving, spoke to the DR IN 20 he came in told me my X-rays looked good they wrapped my knee and gave me anti inflammatory and I was gone in 30. Definitely coming back if ever need be.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vL0HqTuS3lQspbBSvvY6GQ	I came in here as a referral as I needed to get an MRI that my doctor ordered. I called a few places as I needed an open MRI because I'm claustrophobic. When I spoke with them they told me to email my order, my insurance card, ID & and contact info. Once they had a approval from my insurance, they called me to schedule my appointment. My MRI was done the very next day. The process was seamless & super efficient.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kSIqBg0Ig10coKNRxtBWDA	Great service, receptionist was kind. Dr. Vesal is not like most doctors. He made me feel at ease. Since most doctor visits makes me a nervous wreck! .Highly recommend!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NbsWvy7zzyihtHZRbXoJaw	Clearly a well oiled machine. I came here years ago and today was a much needed bladder infection quickie. I called, they said a 10 minute wait, nope. Walked in and handed them my id and they prepared my forms and took my cards. Showed me into the bathroom before filling them out so they could get a sample and then I did my homework. Off to the room I went and out the door to pick up a RX and home to rest before the work week. Super friendly and fast. Appreciate the laughter and friendly staff. For a Sunday when it was casual and football on.	3 2 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_N2pt-daRl210FWp79CaiA	Came in for my follow up! Seriously I can't with this place they are way to good and such a clean place! Kid friendly by the way! They also have coffee on the other side and a separate waiting room. They at least have 9 rooms for patients. They charge as a primary care not urgent care by the way!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5gpwAHZJ1SpCcVw5lcRjkw	Excellent care given to me while traveling here and unfortunately gettin sick. Everyone was spectacular wish this office was in my area!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fw5oWasP76jf5BNhCr21Bg	I just wanted to say what a wonderful experience I had with the awesome doctors and staff at Irvine Urgent Care. I went to Irvine Urgent Care after beginning to feel super sick, thinking that I had the flu. Turns out I didn't have the flu but they really took the best care of me. They ran a few tests to ensure they did not miss anything. I was treated with an IV bag as well as given antibiotics.  After a few days, I feel so much better and back to normal. The doctors and staff work really hard to get down to the bottom of what is wrong as well as making sure that I was comfortable and taken care of. The service is the best and I can't say enough great things about this place and the people that work there. The quality is outstanding and the place is so welcoming and clean. Definitely will be coming back again! A huge thank you for making me feel so much better and making my experience so great!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=er_uQBMJyTZvj4o05k0OmA	DO NOT USE THIS URGENT CARE!!!!! This place is scamming insured patients. They will take your copay and tell you they accept your insurance and then bill your insurance company as if it were an emergency room visit--then they can rack up more charges than a corporate vet for something as simple as a run of the mill respiratory infection. PLEASE GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uK_NpVc2J1FHGSbb0oZbWw	I needed to get a tuberculosis test for school & came across this urgent care online. It the fastest and most efficient urgent care that I have ever been to. Everyone is so friendly & helpful. Thank you for making this a great experience. I will be recommending to my family & friends!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GUK86NJPgx9_A4qhBoMnRg	Top notch! .If you're going to have a sinus infection, this is the place the get that shit taken care of!.Fast, clean, reasonable cost, clean (yes, it's just that clean), on-site prescription and a follow up call! . Tough to beat this place!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FYXIQWImCpsY7I9AWUGOjQ	I found the best urgent care ever! Short wait, attentive doctor and PA's and they called me the next morning to check on me.  I highly recommend it!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=53voJbsqbx-VGiTJjYgxqQ	Five stars .Best doctors in Irvine .No wait.Very professional .Very accommodating .And they care		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PF6acCsNUS5i_w9lE_B9-A	The billing statement is a joke, I was there for just fever and charged me about $200. .Even worse is that that's not my first time in this urgent care and you say that not find my name?! Thanks. I just got IV for treatment and nothing really tested.	1 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cSpPANxt-Bdd57vy-x278A	Charged me OVER $600 for the exact same service a friend had who wasn't charged a dime.  They told me they "needed to run these tests" just so they could charge my insurance for it..Wont be back here and do not recommend it.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uMfAPS3BXcL7UcXiCxlWwA	I received great care here. I needed to get some things done before I could start working at a new company so I called ahead to ask about the wait time. When I went there, I filled out some forms and was seen in less than 20 min. The staff was very friendly and thorough to make sure all the paperwork I needed to work was filled out. Dr Nguyen is super friendly and she always has a smile on her face!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pfUpgz7YtLaEDG1wbCHf_g	Best urgent care I ever been too! People are so nice. I loved it super clean! I recommend		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0NcFyWxB5BCFydzCzS8n5A	Good one time urgent care.  If you need subsequent treatment or refills, see specialist.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0q2Jl2VkpGxWxcazttMSsQ	I've been to a few different Urgent cares throughout Southern California, but Irvine Urgent Care takes the spot at #1!.The staff is very nice and helpful, the doctors and nurses know what they are doing, and it is very very very clean! .The price is also very reasonable and I do hope that if you end up in here, God forbid, that you have the same experience that I had with the staff.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GPIzVRPrQc4ro4YfK6nwzg	Thankfully didn't wait very long. The office is very nice and clean, the doctor was very accommodating, professional, and informative. Wish I could make him my primary care doctor!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zqLZMU2aExv6QnyySSwZBw	I've been to other urgent cares and awfully regretted each time, but I came across this location and with their positive reviews, I decided to come here for my physical. The office and waiting room is well kept and clean. .The wait was not long at all, usually with other places I'd have to wait even having an appointment. Reception/front staff was so so friendly and really made me feel welcomed! I honestly hate physicals, but the doctor made me feel really comfortable and the whole process was a breeze. .I will not hesitate to ever come back and also thinking of getting my primary care here from now on :)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YmGGqUvMyDXoKFQJOpYeHQ	The doctors are excellent. The clinic is very modern and new. The staff is well-trained and very responsive. I was in and out very quickly and they were very helpful in my scheduling. I highly recommend this urgent care!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EIAlOkrT6jfwXlYQON6BrQ	I've had a lot of bad experiences with these kind of places where the receptionists are rude and your appointment time is a random time they tell you so that they can put it on paper..Luckily, I don't need to go to these places too often, and luckily, this place was different. It was BETTER..So I had an appointment here but came a bit earlier to sign in and fill out paperwork. The customer service was super friendly! I felt like I was being treated like a patient rather than a dollar sign. Lovin` it already..I needed to do an ultrasound this time and I felt really comfortable. As the doctor was scanning she happily answered all my questions. And I had a lot of questions since I don't know what the stuff on the screen means and all. .Anyway, I would totally recommend coming here! Everyone is so helpful here! Place is clean and organized too!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ESVu4rXvqCB5nw895w5N6A	I came in the office today with a sinus infection. I had the worse headache and nothing was helping me. The clinic was nice and clean. The staff was great, barely waited long in the lobby. Met the doctor and he was great. Very friendly to. He gave me a prescription bottle that he already had in the office. Saves me alot of time instead of going out the pharmacy. .Overall service was awesome. I will work coming back soon.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lL0c1HUVoZBkTHufvjELoA	Irvine Urgent Care is honestly my go-to office for anything health-care related. I've been a patient here for a while now and every office visit is just wonderful. I don't have a primary doctor here in Irvine but have been welcomed and treated by Dr. Vesal and Dr. Risser these past couple of years and have had no regrets! I've come in for my sinus infections, flu shots, blood work, etc! I recently had to come in to get a flu shot for work and it was probably the most pain-free shot I've gotten. .I'm always impressed how friendly the nurses are at Irvine Urgent care too. The longest I've really had to wait in the lobby was probably 25 to 30 minutes, but the staff is usually fast and attentive so the wait is never unbearable. The office does only accept PPO, so that's one thing to remember. But I have Aetna and my Copay is really cheap every time I go. .The facility is always really clean and am wowed by the plasma screen tv's in each room! They really do have state-of-the art medical technology at the clinic. They have MRI, CT Scans, and X Rays so it's really convenient and fast to get these procedures done here. When I used go to my primary doctor back in my hometown in Riverside, I had to drive to another facility to get an x Ray done and would always think it was nuisance and inconvenient to do that, but Irvine urgent care saves me from wasted gas and time haha. The staff is honestly the best and I always refer my family members and coworkers here.	4 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=V-JW99kpbn30rXrNMUmSLg	Very clean facility. Doctors and staff are very friendly, educated and welcoming..What more can ya ask for lol	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tk8SRYNucWntE_KYKp0HuA	I found Irvine urgent care through yelp when I sprained my ankle after a rough dance rehearsal. The next morning, my right ankle was completely swollen and painful and I  needed immediate care. My primary doctor wasn't in town so I decided to check out Irvine urgent care. .When I arrived at the office, one of the nurses or interns saw that I was struggling to walk to the main lobby. They offered to wheel me into the room with one of their wheelchairs, and I thought it was a very sweet and nice gesture from the office. The ladies in the front who were handling my insurance were very friendly and knew I was in a lot of pain. There were only a few patients in front of me and I was wheeled into the X-ray room after 15 minutes of waiting.  The facility is very modern and the x-Ray room that I was wheeled in was so clean. After the nurse took my vitals, the doctor came in shortly..Dr. Nguyen was very friendly and answered all of my concerns regarding my sprained ankle. I then got an X-ray and was given medication to ease the pain. After an hour of a painless, easy doctor's visit, I was on my way home. The nurses or Interns even offered to wheel me back to my car! I was contacted immediately regarding the X-ray results and no signs of a broken bone was found. A week later I was ready to start dancing again! Honestly the best medical experience I have had in Irvine and will definitely come back after I inevitably hurt myself again!	6 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=h2UGTvJ0Gf6EyXznzn-bFg	Unfortunately, I've had to come here more than once, I say unfortunately because who LIKES having to go to urgent care on multiple occasions? LOL. The good thing is that, if I ever needed a dependable, clean, and professional place to go to, this is the place to be! The staff is very welcoming and friendly and definitely makes visits to the hospital much more hospitable lololol pun intended.	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-vLbxHyGUQvvE5j1rV3Ttw	This urgent care facility was the best facility by far.  My husband was having an allergic reaction (hives) and intense stomach pain after lunch.  I knew that going to a larger hospital was farther away and longer wait times at the ER so I called the facility to see if they could treat my husband's condition.  They answered promptly and told me they could treat him here.  We arrived shortly and while doing the paperwork my husband was quickly admitted and treated right away.  He got better within the hour and was on IV fluids.  To be safe they did an ultrasound on him and prescribe the medication for his condition.  (everything was normal) Now we are off to a GI doctor to see what is causing his ailment.  If it wasn't for this facility quick response and accommodation my husband could have been worse.  Thank you to the staff of Irvine Urgent Care! You guys are all amazing!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_9huM54Qi4XeK8QpRCUe8g	Thank you to the staff for the professionalism & accommodating services, definitely recommend	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9A2EtHluDaa-UMkvFN-_hw	Came to this Urgent Care a few days ago, the first thing I noticed was the cleanliness of the office from the patients waiting room to the actual back office where patients are seen. Another thing that caught my attention was the staff they were helpful to my needs and questions I had, and gave me great patient services.  Also it is great to have diagnostic imaging there makes it easy so I don't have to travel somewhere else to get results! Dr. Vesal was great I recommend him to anyone	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nmfp65hkBQprA4CdQXJdKQ	This was my first time going here and this was unlike any urgent care I've ever been to. It was super clean and the staff were all friendly. I took my daughter in for a sprained ankle. Everyone was sweet and treated her very well. There was hardly any wait time and the doctor truly examined her and made sure we had everything for her to recover properly. .This facility is everything you would want in an urgent care. It's speedy, attentive, fully staffed, and CLEAN!	4 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JmT_1qomQqlwn6LMuqsYWw	I have to write this review because I want to say thank you to Dr. Risser. I decided to come here instead of other facilities near my home because I was here 2 or 3 years ago. Another thing they accept cash for no insurance patient. Anyway, on December 18 I had to stop by because I had trouble breathing. My asthma acted up for the first time, and I needed to see a doctor. I got diagnosed for asthma three years ago but nothing major until this recent incident. I suffered light cold and cough for a week and a day before I had a hard time breathing and thought it will go away but it got worse so I drove to this locatin  with no insurance, and paid $125 for the visit fee plus $120 for the meds. I do have insurance but I lost my insurance card so I decided to pay cash to avoid headache looking or calling my insurance..The whole process was very fast; I was admitted within 15 mins because the medical assistant found out that I had a hard time breathing. .Dr. Vesel walked in and spent about 2 mins; he then sent someone in to give me steroid and showed me how to use Pulmo Aide for a few minutes.. this helped me breathe better. Later Dr. Risser came in to check on me, and he actually spent decent amount of time to ask questions and making sure I'm ok. He really listened and I could tell he wasn't rushing to walk out to check on the next patient.  I've gone to many doctors, and I must say he is one of the kindest doctor I had seen. This 5 stars is all because of him. He actually called me the next day to check on me and left me a message to make sure I was ok. .Most doctors won't spend more than 5 mins on you, especially at Urgent care facilities. Dr. Risser deserves a five stars review and he is on my list of one of the most caring doctor in OC. .I wish not to come here again, but if that happened. I will drive to this location because of Dr.Risser. .Also, when I called back to leave a message for Dr. Risser, I knew the message won't be delivered to him since the staff figured I was ok; I appreciated the fact that someone did call back, and asked if I was feeling better from yesterday.	3 2 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WweMKoYJimpnYS8rCvmT7A	Here's a few reasons why I decided to give this place five stars:.Cristina @ the front desk always remembers my name & is the friendliest, most helpful Employee I have interacted with here. She always get right on it when I need a copy of my X-Rays, MRI, etc, etc. I especially appreciate her because I've been coming here for years and the front desk Employee isn't always so friendly- I've had some not even acknowledge I was there. I've also had issues asking for help with things and having to wait while the staff debated over who would have to help next. But still- she's truly AMAZING- no matter who or where you compare her to. Luckily, I no longer see those people working here. .Convenience: this place is the most convenient place you can come to when you need something taken care of but can't get a Doctor appointment until forever from now. They'll take care of you in a snap. Something I also really appreciate is that if I need an X-Ray, MRI, blood test, etc- they can get it done immediately, in house. No need to drive anywhere and wait forever. .Lastly, I enjoy having Carlos as my Nurse Practitioner. He's very down to earth. A good listener. Very intuitive. Gets things done without any hesitation. He always takes good care of me and I really do appreciate that. I'm sure you'll meet him if you come in. He's great and he's very comforting and accommodating. .Yes, I'd recommend this clinic to everyone.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OHljPfeKjr1KM_YzXF7wyg	The highlight of this urgent care is the wait time. I was in and out within 30 minutes. They were fast and efficient with paperwork and examination! This was such a relief compared to the 2 hours I've waited at other UCs!!	3 1 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KIDSgnJUjlQgNt4zWDNy6g	This is my first time at an urgent care and it was quite a short experience. Granted, I had to wait an hour to be seen by a doctor. When seen, I only got to see him for not even 30 seconds. I basically paid $75 to see the doctor for maybe 30 seconds. Now my prescription isn't helping with whatever I have and still clueless of what I might have. .I called to let them know my medications aren't helping and they said to come in and see the doctor BUT I'd have to pay the copay again. Not sure if it's worth $75 to go back.	2 2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6l3fomaI5W_u4iB5tQK5Rg	First and foremost I hate going to the doctor. It's a frightening place. I was staying with some friends slipped and sprained my ankle. Being far from home with my driving foot swollen my friend recommended this Urgent care. Reviewed the Yelp reviews and was extremely impressed. Everyone was super helpful, friendly and accommodating and they took my insurance. I've been to Kaiser and other urgent cares and the wait time has been a nightmare. I was nervous about my ankle but Dr. Risser made me feel comfortable and at ease nothing was broken. He also prescribed me some allergy medicine since he noticed my stuffy nose and I had left my meds at home. Highly recommend this place especially if you're near by or visiting.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bATxVrXD21Wsv5SiN3qZyQ	Came here for a second time and was still amazed by the service. Staff was very friendly, fast and helpful as they were on my first visit. I will continue to come here when I am in the area and I really recommend it to anyone. You will not be disappointed!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Uiudf_fGKsUMlIfgifePIw	A buddy of mine recommended this joint. Overall a great experience; friendly staff, everything clean and sanitary and I was in-n-out in no time. .Had severe pain in my shoulder. At first I thought I just slept on it and it should go away. As time passed my pain didn't, it only got worse. My two options where the ER or this place that my friend recommended. Glad I came here, I would have probably still be sitting in that ER lol	2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kdT0LdxALeYN3cJAT4mxLA	Amazing experience, without all the inconveniences you would normally experience at another place. I have been at places with horrible service and taking unnecessary exams and overpaying for one visit; however, I had a great experience here with truthful doctors and competent assistants and front desk people. Once you have waited to be seen by a doctor, Dr. Carlos assisted me, you get great service and care for your injury! I came in with a fracture in my leg and I was prescribed medicine and future care! Great experience by far! I'll be coming back for my future check ups and future walk ins!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LHot1zec5Tu7Cl0K7jSmUg	I recently came in for my back which has been bothering me for quite some time already and when arriving at Irvine Urgent Care the waiting area was very elegant, clean and professional which made me feel comfortable of who I am trusting behind those doors. The nurses were also kind and attentive by answering all the questions I had and helping with any difficulty filling out the paperwork. They were quick as well to get to me I only waited to be called for about 15 minutes and they took me in for an assessment right away. I was greeted by Dr. Nguyen and she recommended some ways to help relieve the pain in my back with a prescription and recommended some heat pads to help ease the pain. It's been about a week and I feel great with my back feeling stronger each day! I will definitely come back soon thanks to the staff and doctors for the awesome experience.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ntWst9LhqyU5SKgiGWAuYg	Stopped by to get a referral for an MRI and realized that this urgent care has its own MRI Tech on site. They saved me a trip!!!!! & their staff were super fast & really really nice & helpful. Definitely will be coming back. Haven't had an experience this good at an Urgent Care for a while. Thank you !!!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Y6i4Svv9YNKZFFslz2Fp8g	I have mixed feelings about this clinic..First of all, this place is the way to go for vaccines or anything that's quick. They'll get you in and out efficiently..However, if you have a serious condition, that may require a doctor's care, I would say otherwise. This only applies to Dr. Vesal. Really, I've been a scribe, intern, and cna. His bedside manner is what disturbs me about the clinic. The medicine field is hard, you deal with difficult patients all day. However, it's the doctors that take another minute and connect with the patients are what's remarkable. It's not like we come into clinics because we want to. Please consider patients as they are vulnerable. .So it's really not cool, if you wait 15 mins to get in, and get seen by Dr. Vesal for max 45 seconds. I've been to this clinic multiple times for different times. So I feel like I have a holistic perspective on this clinic. I'm assuming this is his practice. But always offering the patient and IV or an antibiotic/inflammatory for symptoms is wrong. .People may not know, but for every symptom you claim and treatment plan you take, it does get billed and charted to insurance. It's really an abuse to take advantage of your position and profit from unnecessary treatments. .With that being said, Dr. Vesal sent another doctor (Risset?) to be my patient after I asked some questions..So if you come here, request him or Dr. Nguyen to be your provider. They'll actually treat you like a patient. Front office and medical assistants hare nice!	2 1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EZR4zn7uyGlmN1q8hrvOkA	I recently came in for x-rays do to a lower back injury. I was skeptical upon arrival  due to past experiences  at other urgent cares, but this could not be any more different! The lady's  at the front desk were gregariously attentive to my needs and made the "checking in" process  a breeze. DR. Nguyen was as professional  as they come! He layed out a plan for me to get back on my feet and back to my old self. It was clear he ran a extremely  efficient facility. I have nothing but the utmost respect  for him and his staff after how they treated me,  they even called me a few days after to see how i was doing. Which is a complete  anomaly these days, i will  definitely recommend this place to family and friends.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=B4zDrG4J5MoQ6imI4T6Zeg	Came in this morning to get this horrible headache checked out. Was greeted by a gentleman as he asked me what the problem was. I told him I have a horrible headache that has not gone away since last night. He took my vitals and then told me sit until I got called. Place was clean. Seemed like they were seeing people pretty fast. .After about 15 mins my name was called and I was brought into a room to be examined by the doctor. Room was clean and comfy. I made myself comfortable thinking it would take forever for the doctor to see me but just after about 10 mins the doctor came In to examine me. He knew right away what was wrong just by looking at me. He said I had the flu and prescribed me Tamiflu. Over all a great urgent care. Friendly staff, clean, and fast.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MOxfE9V_yHaN5ZgfSk1t4g	I've been here 3 times in the past week. The office is extremely clean and well taken care of. All the staff are very helpful and communicative. Dr. Nguyen is very genuine. I highly recommend coming here if you are in need of urgent care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YnPNGYqNNBbmv2yQb3PJWA	My experience here was amazing. I usually don't like doctor visits because of how monotone they are but Dr. Risser made me feel extremely comfortable and made sure I had everything I needed to feel comfortable from water to having my mother in the room. They were nothing but nice and understanding to every question and concern I had.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=df-bmBiKQw-L8CZR9yKDcw	Horrible service. I do not recommend coming to this place. Had to get a prescription for an antibiotic for my infant son, they indicated they delivered the electronic prescription to the nearest pharmacy but did they did not receive it. I had to scramble to find another pharmacy and the whole ordeal took over an hour to resolve.When you have an infant that has an infection it's inexcusable to make such mistakes. I won't go be coming back	3 3 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=c38IT-WyaIfNXO7PAaTu1Q	The building is located right next to Diamond Jamboree, and it's super easy to find and park. The office itself is very clean and modern..Everyone I encountered was friendly. There were several people in front of me, but my wait was only 20 minutes or less. I found out that it is routine procedure for them to provide an IV, so be prepared to be poked! My room had a TV, so I was able to pass the time watching real housewives..The best part about the service I received was that they gave me a follow-up call a couple days after my visit. I was still having symptoms, so they invited me back into the office for a visit ASAP!.I've also called them with billing questions before, and the team was very helpful in making sure my questions were answered.	9 3 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=at2lQYysMt9kxuWiYsjYNw	I recently heard about this doctors office through a friend who i was asking about a good phisician that knows how to properly treat skin complection. I stepped into the office and the staff was suprisingly friendly and welcomed me . They made me feel like I had been a patient of theirs for a long time. Shortly after some paperwork i did not have to wait to see the doctor. He greeted me and walked me into his office where he diagnosed my problem and gave me a cream that honestly helped me tremendously! I am genuinly happy I heard about urgent care because they made me feel at home and quickly knew what my problem was. I will definitely come back here and i will most surely reccomend others to come here as well, you will not regret it		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IXRxYTptgTXHs1_VKIbV-g	Irvine Urgent Care provided me with the best care. I have been to various urgent cares and no other place have given me the best customer service like Irvine Urgent Care Can. My needs were listened too and were taken into consideration, I was cared for and attended too with great care ! I highly would recommend this place to my friends / family ! Definitely coming back !		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KZiyOfgELRwGifaPLADEHg	I have been there 2 times for emergency service. Each time, I've received excellent, professional care delivered with kindness. The staff was professional and caring. I was in pretty bad shape and they really took care of me well. Even in spite of my condition, they were still willing to joke around with me. I highly recommend this care center. . Thanks so much for all you do!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GzQJ4Gsahb6XFa_RSuTcQg	This practice diagnosed an issue for me that was missed by my PCP and 2 specialists - and in turn, my condition improved dramatically. The clean & large facility was the cherry on top. Very thankful I stumbled in here.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2i1UpgsxFTYGs_wwgCf70Q	While visiting some friends in Irvine from LA, I started to feel ill and quickly yelped a place. Irvine Urgent Care came up and boy was I happy I decided to come here. I got seen in a very timely manner and Dr. Nguyen was responsive to my concerns and needs. They also accepted my insurance. Definitely would go again if I'm in the area.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6v4dQ_uufjM5_uDfPa_KEg	I called in to see if I could come in for a physical regarding work & they were rather prompt. I was immediately greeted walking in from the front desk. From what I noticed, this office is surprisingly clean from the idea of it being an emergency care facility. I was called in a timely matter & I  was able to get everything that I needed done quickly. I am very satisfied & recommend it for those who are interested.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aDInfGJ_HO6zsnl6A69RHA	I had pain in my right wrist above my thumb from 3 weeks back and I went to US Healthworks after hours couple nights after and saw a physician's assistant and he examined me, had me perform the  Finklestein test AND ordered my 3 views of X-rays for my hand/wrist  (AP, lateral, oblique). He said it was probably extensor muscle/tendon injury and gave me a wrist splint to stabilize my wrist and refilled my Naproxen.  .Couple weeks go by and my wrist has been getting progressively painful so I saw on Yelp that this urgent care also had an on site imaging center that could do digital x-rays, ultrasound, CT scans, and MRI. I came down here last Tuesday. My first impression was his facility was very new (but it's been around for 10 years!), well maintained and clean. The staff at the front desk were friendly, informative and helpful. I checked in as a new patient, filled out paperwork and was taken had to an examination room within 5 minutes after I had turned in my paperwork after they verified my insurance. The exam room was large, clean and had a huge flat screen television hooked up to cable to make waiting less pretentious and relaxing. The MA took my height, weight and vitals (blood pressure, temperature, pulse oximetry and heart rate). I told her my chief complaint about the worsening pain in my right wrist and a few minutes later, the PA, Carlos came in and told me that he suggested I get an MRI done as I could have torn something and it's the best diagnostic for soft tissue injury. He told me he would write me for some pain medicine and a pain cream compound and ordered some TENS (transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation) on my wrist to help alleviate the pain so I did that for about 25 minutes and then the physician, Diana Nguyen, M.D came in to see me and informed me of the care plan, the medications she prescribed me and that they would get a prior authorization from my insurance to do an MRI of my right wrist. So fast forward a week and yesterday, Wendy told me that they received the prior authorization from the insurance company and explained to me about the cost, since I only met $50 of my $550 deductible they were going to give me the cash price of and then apply it to the deductible and since I had my visit last week and my US Healthworks visit are still pending, my deductible with those claims would most likely be met after those claims go through, and as easy as scheduling was, my MRI is scheduled for later today. .Although it's quite a drive to get down here from Walnut, this is one of the finest urgent care centers that I have been to, who have invested in expensive radiological/imaging machines and devices, the staff are all friendly, happy and helpful most likely because they are happy with their job and the people they work with and it really does show and it makes the patients happy and more at ease as well. They worked out the cash pricing and insurance deductible solution pretty quick, and you can tell that they are experienced and well versed with all that. Irvine Urgent Care is a really a great place if you ever need urgent care or imaging, they have more technology and medical devices than what a typical urgent care does so they can have a wider scope or practice, and what's even better is they are open 7 days a week. Also if you are looking to do a physical or need a primary care physician, they can also be there for you also. I wouldn't want to wish anyone need to need the services of urgent care, but *knock on wood* if they ever do, I 100% HIGHLY RECOMMEND Irvine Urgent Care .*Please be sure to check if Irvine Urgent Care is in-Network for your insurance company, if not or uninsured, they can work with you on cash pricing*.Post MRI 5/4/2016:.Just got done with my MRI of my right wrist and updating this review from the parking lot. Great experience, Francisco the radiology tech was awesome, friendly and informative, MRI was an open MRI so it may be better for people who are claustrophobic. Procedure was about 30 minutes long, nice soothing music and I was able to take a great nap. Ran into Carlos on the way out and he was friendly and asked about the wrist and even hooked it up with a more comfortable, less bulky wrist splint.	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NhnlRDLnl3Jiz8VWidRiBg	Went to Irvine Urgent Care because I had a fever and this cold I just couldn't shake. Went right when they opened on a weekday and  there was already a wait. This place seemed popular! Probably because of their good yelp reviews haha. .So after I checked in I waited about 30 mins. Once they called me in it was pretty  smooth and quick from there. Turns out I needed antibiotics so they got an IV ready and got me all set up. It was my first time getting an IV and I honestly HATE needles but the person that was doing my IV seemed to know what he was doing and made me feel comfortable so it wasn't too bad. I think he could tell I hated needles so he apologized as he was prepping me lol..After the IV the Dr. came in. I forgot her name but she was really nice. She prescribed me some meds and I was good to go! What I really appreciated, and didn't expect, was the follow up phone call I got a few days after my visit. I was at work so I didn't answer but they left me a voicemail and I thought that was really nice of them.	6 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w7nwkndVP8F3VBs2NerAnw	This is the best Urgent Care clinic in Orange County!!! My husband and I have visited the clinic a few times and always experienced great service and care. But today, my 13 year old woke up with flu symptoms and I rushed her to the clinic bc the ER would have been too long of a wait. As soon as we arrived, they took her vitals and Dr. V saw her immediately. My daughter felt so comfortable with all the staff and they were so sweet to her. We left the clinic with everything we needed and feeling so much better than when we arrived. Thank you to Dr. V and the entire staff for taking care of my daughter today. Much thanks and gratitude.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LroKXR5E6ehFDYJvJdHxpg	I had a fantastic experience here! I was seen in a reasonable amount of time and felt like they did their best to help me! I went around 10am on Tuesday and the wait wasn't long at all. I am definitely coming again if ever need be!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EwRr9yq1bcnB-_Plt4G_kA	I came in after lunch today and the wait was roughly an hour and a half long. Even though I felt horrible, the receptionist was very polite and promptly collected my co-pay. The nurses are extremely professional and genuinely care about how you're feeling. All the preliminary questions were relevant and they efficiently completed vital tests. Dr. Nguyen is one of my favorite doctors. She always has a smile on her face. She makes sure to give you instructions and get you on the fast lane to recovery and ensure all questions are answered. The IV she recommended was perfect and I felt better right after I left. .Irvine Urgent Care is always great for the clutch times I can't make it to Kaiser Permanente. Patient care always remains consistent and I usually don't have to worry about going to CVS after to pick up a prescription. Most likely they will issue the medication on the spot right after the diagnosis!	4 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OBqmdEi-P94YN4meMMDINw	It is the best Urgent care i have ever been into.  The doctor examined me and explained my illness very well. The medication he prescribed worked well. The next day i received a call from the staff checking on my health, and i was feeling much better already..The place is very clean, Caring doctors and staff.The parking is free, and convenient, the wait is less than ten minutes.  They accepted insurance.  They open 7 days/week. So glad that I discovered this place..What else more could you ask for!	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rglEv87qmMItakCBEAPtuQ	I did not spend much time in the waiting room, but I also did not get any time with the doctor. Paid $125 out of pocket, because they ONLY take PPO insurance. What the doctor gave me did not help. After being on antibiotics for 7 days little has changed. They told me to come back in, but I do not want to pay $125 again so I will go to a place that will accept my insurance. Maybe if Dr. Nguyen would have spent more than 30 seconds with me I would not be in this misdiagnosis situation..*Oh yeah, and I had to take my urine sample out of the bathroom with me in a paper towel as directed by the nurse- pretty unsanitary.*	1 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TZpQaJGyJpfQDNR9h2_GjQ	I've had a pleasant experience at Irvine urgent care, unlike other urgent cares, I was seen in a timely matter. The staff is very pleasant and welcoming, the doctor assigned to me was very knowledgeable and reassured me that I'm welcomed to come back if any future complications.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FtQv1tW-9UH6cFUVVB--6Q	This urgent care is an Absolute God send!!! Was in the area and stopped by for what I thought was a kidney stone but, turned out it was just back spasms. Dr. Vesal was extremely kind and respectful and really knows his stuff.  Everything he says correlates with the lab tests and it's like he knew what it was before the tests were complete . But he never jumps to conclusions. Extremely fast and courteous but really takes his time to assess you. No matter where you are, you should definitely go here if within reasonably means.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_2xlxSBLsh0J5R7GuGWNqA	I visited this urgent care about 4 days ago to get an x-ray done due to swelling on my finger that I injured playing basketball at the gym Francisco who was the X-ray tech was very Patient & kind & I received a call about my test & was referred to an orthopedic! Way better than going to a hospital and waiting 3 plus hours in the waiting room ! Staff and Dr. Risser were amazing thanks for the awesome care!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dDgX37i7puo_DIqzDjfSGg	Very compassionate and professional staff. The doctors there really want to treat promptly any condition that comes through their door. They even have a a CAT SCAN and MRI in house. Don't waste your time trying to find a better team--- simply put; they're fantastic!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3q_0gpsJvbrsslGOPN9Ebg	One of the best doctor offices I have ever been to, honestly. The staff is friendly, thorough, and understanding. I do not live in the area, but I had to make an unscheduled visit. I twisted my ankle while at the beach, and this was the only facility nearby that was open. They took me in right away, x-rayed my foot, gave me ice, and wrapped it up. The technician was super funny and made me feel comfortable. All in all a good experience.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LwrUto7YQakliQPBveVFdw	This dr office was great. They had a clean office friendly staff, and almost no wait time. Dr Vasal was great, he was quick and very kind, not the usual bland expressionless MD. I am currently working on switching my primary care to this office, I recommend all do the same! Also none of the workers are rude they are very patient, they do there job perfectly and dont mess up. This is a 5 star urgent care in my opinion because I've never seen something better.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xiY4X6OedKUQLeGdpZDrVg	It was my first time going to an Urgent Care and Irvine Urgent Care has now set the bars for all Urgent care in the area.Unfortunately, after travelling to Asia , I came back with swollen feet and when I got to the Urgent care I was quickly taken care of. I was in the office for about 4 hours since they had to do all sorts of lab tests and scans to make sure I was safe. Again, this place is where you want to be if you ever have any medical emergency. i was talking to my doctor back home and he told me the Urgent care had did a good job at doing all the tests and homework so when he got my results he didn't have to do much. I appreciate the staff here. Thank you.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oX4_xYTg9se8zgBsbSQAYg	Quick and accurate service, came in with stomach pains, doctor did his thing and provided a prescription to pick up at my local drugstore. Doctor even gave me a call to check up on me the next day.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6UFoPNP7Dxl0bOaZfk71ew	I've been going to Irvine Urgent Care for years for any medical needs.  The doctors are knowledgeable, they have a large variety of equipment for various tests right in their office, and most importantly they get you in and out quick with no appointment needed.  .Highly recommended.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=je-FbEVumhOydpfDmMixLQ	I am always reluctant to visit urgent care or any hospital. I did have to go and was actually pretty surprised that it wasn't time consuming or difficult at all. I also only had to fill out a few papers. I had most of my help from a front office staff and they were able to help me get assistance right away and the room I was in was very clean. I saw a doctor within 15 minutes from the time I walked in. The doctor was very knowledgeable and helped get me treatment right away. My insurance took care of everything so I was out right away. Those horror stories of going to urgent care are long gone if you decide to come here. I recommend this place to anyone!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RPdUdxJeXmTfJY6ia0MuYw	I was recommended this urgent care through a family friend who kept telling me to come here for my weird skin completion. After putting it off for a while I decided I can't hold it off anymore and decided to come in. All the staff from the girls at the front desk to the doc were super professional and welcoming. The doc knew exactly what to prescribe me and I wish I would have gone sooner.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M271Ac7UKVaQ9U5AOvc_9A	The best..Having just moved down here and feeling bleh on a Monday evening after all the other clinics were closed, we first headed to Hoag Tustin urgent care but were turned away because they'd "reached the capacity for the night."  It was 6 PM, they closed at 8 PM..Okay boo.  So we headed a bit further to Irvine Urgent Care, and I called ahead to see what the wait was (20 minutes).  When we arrived, I signed in, they took my payment and insurance, and I was seen within 15 minutes.  They even had the medicine I needed on hand, and I was literally in and out in 20 minutes..All the people there are super nice as well - I'm such a fan of smoothly-run urgent care centers, and I'm glad to have a wonderful option for urgent care in the future!	5 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ynTMyXjoc1_nRMo8nbsNXg	Friendly staff n clean facility. I had stomach ache n vomiting for 2 days. With 1 hours IV treatment I was able to be normal again with pain free. .They also called me back after 5 days to see how I am doing..The waiting time was about 1 hour as they told me before I went there..Very nice Dr. as well. I forgot his name but he is tall n middle age n very friendly.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vPP63mXzS02Yqg0Ti96G6w	The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They accessed my needs and met them in a timely manner. I entered the building upset but thanks to some of the kind words from the staff I was able to leave with a smile on my face. Thanks Irvine Urgent Care!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=AZCwtdYgpO_GF0NnMqUEoA	The staff was exceptional. They quickly tended to my needs and were very efficient in their work. I wasn't in the best mood when the staff examined me but after some kind words of encouragement I was able to have a better outlook about the situation. Thanks for all of the help Irvine Urgent Care!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=k3kC9TNYTCP8rBehntRCKg	Thank you for the whole staff of taking care of my brother during his emergency. I didn't know what to expect at Irvine Urgent Care but they did take care of his injury sooner than I thought.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fLksDGG7ciwWIS6V05qRwg	There was a little hiccup in redundancy that had me (out of network) pay for two visits that could have easily been one. The staff at the desk and the doctors all completely understood and gave me a fair discount for the visit.Just another personal story. :)	4 3 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-zCdMO-ZOCCDaao37_vYeg	Spent the whole day at my friends house gaming, and on the way home my stomach started hurting. Not just mildly hurting, full on inner destruction was happening. Sharp pain as if I swallowed a knife. It was so unbearable that there was absolutely no way I was making it home. I wasn't from the area so I quickly yelp urgent care around me, and came across this place. I raced over there as quickly as I could and I'm guessing that by my facial expression pretty the girl on the front desk understood I was in a LOT of pain. They brought me in to wait for the doctor, while waiting they quickly did all my vitals and blah blah, then boom, before I even got finished weighting in the doctor came in. I told him how much it hurt, he gave me some pain killers, and we went over what I ate the whole day. Come out I had too much red bull and greasy food, and the pain was a heavy case of heartburn. He told me to add some greens to my diet and avoid carbonated drinks and so ft I feel great! Was very pleased by the fast and professional service!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RR1k6Sf2Y79ZVUXOHn5CFQ	Been here twice now. Great experience both times! I remember being shocked by how fast I was seen my first time here compared to other urgent cares. Doctor N had great care for me and made me feel all the more better.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gMPss7qRw1TFp8xINqdrsQ	Came with my boyfriend since he had some discomfort in his ears and found this place from Yelp. It's easy to locate, convenient the fact that this place is open 7 days a week when other doctors are closed, and the doctor saw us within 20 mins being there. The facility is very clean and welcoming and the best part was that they had tv monitors outside the waiting area and in the patient room. The only thing I would recommend the company is to train the staff who works at the counters to be more friendly. they were short and not hospitable for us being there our first time.	2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aqC4W8fB8IBxCVPLglxMdg	Long waiting time, almost 2 hours and no doctor! 1 hour in waiting room and more then an hour in examination room!!!Very disappointing!		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GDkqeA3M_o-4gs3UPB8Jag	My DOT physical needed renewing and because my company doesn't require a Commercial License I need to pay out of pocket or use my insurance... problem my doctor can't do my physical so I called some places near work nothing or they don't accept walk-ins so because I need this before next Friday soon and gloom until I called their office and they had availability on a walk-in and I could use my insurance double lucky!!! When I showed up staff was friendly and paperwork not to painful!!!  In & out and physical complete next stop DMV renewal. I will definitely he back for my next physical :)	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=w7AROMTXXLQp73tW9W7UNg	I went to this urgent care about 4 days ago to get an x ray done due to swelling on my finger that I injured playing basketball at the gym. Francisco who was the x ray tech was very patient and kind and I received a call about my test and was referred to an orthopedic. Way better than going to a hospital and waiting 3 plus hours in the waiting room! Staff and Dr Risser were amazing! Thanks for the awesome care!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6cu8czoSeagiqjLa-XSXbw	I never write reviews, but I've got to share how good I was taken care of!.I went in the other day because I caught a pretty bad cough and cold. I went to 2 places before coming to Irvine Urgent Care, since they were "too" busy to see me. I knew this place was a good idea because once I stepped in their building, I received nothing but friendly faces and professional help. .I've been to several places where I get the cold shoulder, but I felt very welcomed here. And did I mention they only had me wait 20 minutes! .This is by far the best urgent care I've been to in YEARS. .Thanks guys!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MWujvU-JEgB8IYO0So8MEg	Last month I noticed some funky rash forming on my arm and being kind of scared I came in to Irvine urgent care in hopes of relieving my ugly emberassing rash. Luckily for me 2 weeks have passed and I can proudly say I'm rash free. Don't hesitate to come here.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Kanj7FqxsxEtmPkb9zjsPQ	Very pleased! Had a rash on my chest for almost 4 years. Went to countless different doctors who prescribed me random creams and other useless crap. Came here, waited bout half an hour, the doctor came in, took a look at my rash and told me it was a severe case of fungal infection. Prescribed me some antibiotics and I was on my way. 1 week later the rash is gone. Couldn't be any happier!!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eIQn7RWhvYRji-XNxRbBug	4 stars for the cleanliness and ambience of the place. The waiting room has super comfortable chairs and the front desk ladies are really nice. The rooms have tvs that play while you wait for the doctor. I'm good with gore but not sure if they should be playing a zombie horror syfy show for everybody at an urgent care... .I had pretty much self diagnosed and was pretty sure I had shingles. The doctor came in and told me I was right. He was really nice but I feel... Not very helpful? I had to ask him a bunch of questions about the medication (which he said really doesn't do much). And he wasn't sure if shingles were airborne contagious or skin contact contagious......He also asked if I needed a refill for my eczema cream and said he would look it up. But when I went back out to the waiting room the nurse with my prescription confused me. He said the doctor couldn't find the cream I was looking for but the one he wrote is a good substitute. BUT on the prescription pad was antiviral for my shingles.. Not cream for my eczema. I was in a hurry though so I didn't ask questions anymore. It's nice they had prednisone already so I didn't have to go to the pharmacy for that one.	4 5	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LgXWyBcJ95bCZB4gP9jKXw	I came into this Urgent Care after reading some pretty awesome reviews.. Unfortunately, my experience was far from. .I had initially come in for severe headaches I was  having non-stop following an accident I had been in the week prior. My first visit was no longer than ten minutes, in which the doctor asked me about a few symptoms, and then proceeded to prescribe me a medication for pain relief. .My headaches continued after taking the medication for 5 days, and then they suggested I come in to get an MRI. (Side note: Throughout the whole process, speaking to their front desk staff was a total pain.. Little to no phone etiquette. Someone should remind them that they're dealing with sick patients). The only kind gentlemen was the Tech that administered the MRI, the reason I've given two stars. I waited 2 days with no hear back, so I called to ask about results. The woman at the front desk said that the results were in, and that it was normal. .Three words. That's all I got. I asked her, "Am I not going to sit and discuss the results with a doctor?" I still am suffering from these headaches. She stated that that would be categorized as another visit and that I would have to pay again. What?? I was pretty shocked. One would expect that after paying for an MRI, a hefty procedure, that they would at least permit you to have a 5-10 minute discussion with the doctor, about your results, without paying more out of pocket. .She put me on hold once more, and said that the doctor would permit me to come in that day and discuss my results at no cost. The cost they shouldn't be charging at all, so I told her to just send me my X-rays and report. I'll take my medical needs elsewhere. .If needing more than a simple one-day procedure, I would not suggest this place. This is coming from a person pursuing a Masters in the medical field currently. There are better providers out there.	2 2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xUMh41qx-IEo_HbFNxwYUQ	The staff, as well as the doctors, are very helpful and kind. They make sure that you get everything you need..The wait time is much faster than any other Urgent Care facility. Every time I go, I wait no longer than 20-25 minutes to see a doctor. The results for any medical exams are given to you in a timely manner.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BJTmu7CGATlU9_qEgT3GDQ	I am very pleased with the care I received today.  I showed up right when they opened, waited about 15 minutes, and then was seen.  .They were able to do an ultrasound to rule out a DVT and then prescribed me the appropriate medications.  I also received e-stim which I was shocked they had available..I am already feeling better.  .I hope not to need urgent care services often but when I do, I will return here.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=m5s4V6yXde2QL4MABuTGJg	I have to be honest and say that I don't really travel too much from Doctor to doctor but my experience here was something that had a great first impression and a positive impact on my health. .Upon entering I felt very welcomed with a friendly staff and extremely modern and clean interior. I was given anti biotics and I'm happy to say I didn't faint during the needle process. Their staff is extremely professional and when I met with Dr Nguyen, she actually cared about my well being. Most importantly, I appreciate her listening to my situation as an equal not as a judging Doctor frowning upon certain actions. .I would strongly recommend them and see no reason why I won't be coming here from now on. I'm extremely insistent on only going to places with high reviews and after today, I can understand how they achieved that! Thanks again guys!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=m24QJ7aoUQHw8-aLAm0M4Q	I recently was having throbbing pain in my ear, and desperately needed to see ny doctor, but appointments were not until the following week. So i searched for an urgent care that would accept my insurance. I came across irvine urgent care online. I was a walk in patient, and was a little hesitant because i thought the wait would be hours long. Luckily my whole visit was less than an hour. I was seen by the MA, then Dr.V-( who is such a cool Dr.V). At the end of my visit they gave me some ear drops to take home, so that was pretty cool, and time saving. This place is doing a great job!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=y_sOV2_gVVwqKEWpnOI9Qw	Dr. Diana is great!!! She is very professional and always has patience! I had a very bad cold and could get off my bed, so I went to see Dr. Diana and she gave me IV shot and I felt better right away. .If you don't feel well, go to see Dr. Diana!!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Sq0QDWu3F6GYNUa6w6AWNg	I came here since the reviews were so good and it's close to my school. Initial impressions were great after being helped out by the front desk. The staff was very friendly when I walked in and they set up everything for me without any issues. The waiting room wasn't dirty or smelly, so I liked that. Wait time wasn't even long anyway..When I was called in, the doctor asked me a lot of questions on my issues. I was surprised, since the last time I went to a different doctor, they didn't really care about it and just gave me some random pills. This place is much better with that. I was genuinely impressed since it seemed like the doctor actually cared about helping me instead of just getting money. I was pleased with the diagnosis and treatment from the doctor. The place seemed really professional and everyone knew what they were doing. I felt pretty safe and comfortable being here..I'd come here again if I ever had any more future problems or needed some tests done. This place is all I could ever ask for when I'm in need of some care.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-k-pB4kluJwRF4-c2gp3pA	I have been coming here since I moved to Irvine, they basically replaced my primary care doctor.  I can not thank the staff and Carlos enough.  They have helped me through a variety of sicknesses, and random trauma due to accidents that requires x-Rays and MRI's as other facilities would take up to several weeks with the referral process..They are a model for what an urgent care should be.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SGQEpqnVOqmM7qH11uVmRw	I got terribly sick after driving for hours to Irvine for an interview, and I didn't have a regular doctor to go to. So I went to Irvine urgent care, and I was not disappointed. I only waited for 15 minutes to be seen which is nothing compared to other urgent care facilities. The place was very clean, and the staff were very friendly. I immediately felt better after taking some meds, and they also ran some tests to make sure it's nothing serious. Very positive experience in general!	7 6 6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MGJhoQjfdhmc3HtUHrIAaA	Extremely happy with this urgent care. Not only do they have two offices that are both very clean and professional but the wait time was than 15 minutes. .They took my insurance which is anthem ppo and only charged me my copay. .The staff here is amazing from the front desk to Anthony who took all my vitals and was super nice when taking me to a room. .Dr Risser is amazing. He is very knowledgable and really answered all my questions regarding my diabetes. He provided me with a lot of information on how to manage and take care of my health. He even sent me home with a couple of articles to look over. He told me to follow up with him in about a week. I will be back for my follow up visit. Thank you all for the great service I received.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Zd5poQF7DzgK8mJc7rH8xQ	I came into this urgent care when I injured my foot.  You never know what to expect from an urgent care and i was pleasantly surprised!  The staff was very friendly and knowledgable and i liked that they have xray in office.  I was able to be in and out with an xray in a timely manner and with just a mild sprain. .The office is very well kept and clean. Tvs and toys for the kiddos to entertain while waiting.  The waiting room and patient rooms were very spacious and plenty of room for anyone with a stoller or wheel chair.I would definitely return to this office.	4 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=67sNeoZ7POdXvgsfOu8CJA	This was my second time coming to Irvine Urgent Care. First time was a few years ago and had a really great experience, so when I needed to head to an urgent care yesterday this place was the first that came to mind. Walked in and there were a few people in there before me, filled out new paperwork and no later than 5 minutes later I was already being called into the room. Facility is very clean and everyone is very friendly. I really like that they have so much technology in one place as well as a small pharmacy in house. My only tiff would be if the doctors didn't rush in and out so fast, I completely understand they might have been very busy and or doing their best to get me on my way but I am a person who likes to know what is what and what antibiotic is treating what. The nurse that was attending me was so incredibly kind and  went back to ask the doctor what my IV treatment was treating.. explained side effects and made me feel at ease about it all. Again, the doctors are great here and I will be coming back but next time Ill be sure to ask them not to rush out of the room so they can thoroughly explain what is being diagnosed and given.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gLJ_C5soseH6gB_sUQ3NEA	I usually don't write reviews unless it's well deserved & let me say this is hands down the best urgent care i've been to! All of the staff here are very attentive & courteous. It is a very clean facility & the dr was knowledgeable & understanding of my medical condition. To my complete surprise I was in & out within a timely manner after arriving. I will definitely be returning here for any of my medical needs!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7htNlgzsBizZAgF2fzogbg	All staff and doctors are friendly, nice and courteous. But I don't think they are all knowledgeable enough. .I ask for a few questions to the doctor and staff, doctor told me he would come back shortly after researching on the web, and the staff told me "look it up on Google" .The question for doctor was about Shingles vaccine, and the question for staff at the front desk was "bone density test". I wanted to know if I were eligible for Shingles vaccine, and I wanted to know if blood test is what can find about bone density. But then staff were asking each other what "bone density" or how or where to get the test done. And told me "we don't do it here, no one really does it...we don't know" .Hmmmm... Maybe this is just a quick care place to a small cut and light fever or something. Only reason we did our blood test here is because they open on weekends so my husband can get his tested as well. .The facility is very nice, fancy and has serious equipments, after noticing that not so knowledgable staff here, I wonder if there is anyone who can actually operate those medical machineries... .Bur again, they are friendly and very nice people. I do like the clean facility. I would come back definitely, but for something really simple and quick care.	22 11 9	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gt_jEdafVf5pxdqVqPszQQ	If I could give more than five stars I would! I just arrived from Texas with a sick infant & start to finish was under 15 min!!! Super clean & everyone I came in contact with was friendly and extremely helpful/caring! I wish we had this exact office in FRISCO, TX!!!!  WOW!!!	4 1 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DMDUCnytpHr11wjO9AijvA	I have used this medical clinic for some time. All I can say is "excellent.".The standard of care is very high. Medical equipment is modern and up to date..I wanted to mention Carlos. He definitely knows what he is doing..Great staff and Doctors as well.	5 4 4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JeDGdaSnfQuzWVOe5bu43Q	Oh Irvine Urgent Care....where would I be without you!?! Such a friendly and healing environment. Irvine Urgent Care is a very clean facility with extremely knowledgeable staff. Should an urgency arise don't hesitate to head straight to Irvine Urgent Care their doctors and staff will have you back on your feet in no time!  Thank you, I feel so much better already!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EOnuQGRtHLWSWzAyb_VvRA	Came here last week as friend recommended me to this urgent care as I did not want a heavy bill at a hospital to get an x-ray on my knee. Ive had past surgery on my knee for torn ligaments and torn calf and i was worried it had come to maybe my ligaments again. Luckily my knee was ok and thanks to the doctors and nurses for taking good care of me and having a nice tidy clean facility and will now make this my regular doctor.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dqjHGmg_CL0K8Snqq6Hu0Q	You left a message this morning following up to ask how I was doing!.Could your clinic be run any better?  I DONT THINK SO!  Big Shoutout to your Manager & entire staff!  I'm doing very well, thank you (I returned your call but line was busy).	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pOyYYMNzxK7IekJEFtb2dw	Went to this place, felt like I was in an episode of a cheesy dr show. The staff was a bunch of kids walking around talking about personal things being completely unprofessional. When the "intern" walked in to get my vitals he asked me unnecessary questions and was clearly junior. Then the "doctor" came in who ended up being the doctors assistant. He asked me a couple of questions and then wanted to prescribe me heavy doses of meds with no explanation or consent. Then, the actual doctor walked in and wrote the prescription without even looking at the symptoms and never actually told me what I was getting. When I went to the pharmacy they gave me two medications one of them being completely unnecessary. This was a bunch of amateurs. Don't go.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wwn3YHkMG2o2TI554Qz5JA	Even though this urgent care is beautiful and state of the art, it is a JOKE. I stopped going to this urgent care after I realized they'll pump you full of antibiotics and steroids for no reason just to make you feel good about wasting your time there, you could have a common cold and they would advise this. I had MRSA (didn't know then) and went there, they said it was just from being stressed and gave me a z pack (not effective for MRSA) and steroids (exacerbates MRSA.) today, my husband visited. They didn't physically examine his problem and prescribed him an antibiotic. Luckily, he told me which antibiotic it was because I was able to tell him don't take it since he's ANAPHYLACTIC when it comes to sulfa drugs and he was prescribed sulfa! this IS ON HIS CHART. For what ended up being a non existent infection, which he found out after leaving to go somewhere else and paying a second time because these people are only looking to get you in and out, but only after doing a bunch of worthless crap to get your money.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DPc9Tr4awVmKRZ5Yoe-N6Q	I was very happy with my visit to this facility. I thought I was gonna wait a while, but surprisingly I was in and out of that place in a good amount of time. Not only that, all the staff were very attentive and friendly. I'm a bit wary getting checked but the staff and doctor made me feel comfortable. The facility itself is nice and warm, clean and organized. I also liked the modern aesthetic of the place.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EURd7rtJOvWLg-ubgnxhDQ	Wow just wow. First visit here and it was an experience. Everyone was super friendly and super helpful, office is clean and organized. The wait time was not very long as I was admitted right away. I had a lot of questions, however the staff was very professional and patient and answered all my questions in quite detail. This place has set some standards, and I wish every other urgent care place can be just as good. If you had my pick, then definitely Irvine Urgent Care would be at the top of my list.	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wkjOcyoRc1wnyRCTip039g	Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Facilities are super clean. They also followed up to se how I was feeling. Could not say nicer things about this place.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4mTaKR7swaCC8TD2nmGBow	I just want to start with a huge thank you to the staff at Irvine Urgent Care. I came here after an injury while I was playing baseball today. I was pitching when a ball was hit straight to my wrist causing it to swell a whole lot and created a big bruise instantly. I was then brought here by my coach as it was not very far from the field. I expected to spend a whole afternoon here but I was wrong I was taken care of in less than an hour. I was seen and put into a room instantly and my X-rays followed that. The doctor analyzed the X-rays and noticed that there was a hairline fracture on my wrist. He gave me a cast for my wrist so that I healed properly along with medication to reduce the swelling. I will be back next week to check my healing. Thank you everyone at this facility for taking care of me in a professional and friendly manner!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-pJM9BGspZqdPZhcQwBf5g	Dr. Risser was extremely thorough and caring.  2 days the visit, they followed up with a call to see if I was ok.  I will be coming back, and will recommend my friends and family to come here.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Qy0s_plQU8cdfcAjdBTPAA	I've been here, I dunno, 6 times in the past 2 years? Recommended by a friend and this place truly is amazing.  Full service from routine to urgent services.  At most I've waited 10 minutes to be shown to a room, and usually another 5-10 to see a dr.  They spend time with you and really check you out and make sure to answer your questions (flu season seemed a bit more rushed for obvious reasons).  My GF had a car accident and they really took care of her and made sure to thoroughly check her/take x-rays and offer appropriate treatments.  This was 20 minutes prior to closing, they didn't begrudge her for it or attempt to push us out the door..Love that they dispense most rx's on-site, saving the nuisance and headache of waating at a pharmacy when all I want to do is crawl back in bed ASAP when I'm sick!.They confirmed they can be your personal physician too!	4 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_KFXgchhKqz54uABsi5_PA	I was very happy with the service from this place! I came to my appointment on time and I was asked to fill out some paper work. I filled out the paper work and gave them my driver's license. Everyone at the front desk was nice and friendly. They took care of my charts and paperwork quickly and efficiently. I did not wait long before I was called in to see the doctor. The doctor was a great listener and he as thorough in his diagnosis. This is vey helpful when you are trying to get something approved by your insurance. I was very happy with my care. I was able to get the help that I needed and I recommend this place to my closest friends and family. The place was also very clean and that is also very important to me.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_cMxaSqKNJ810yxwJF0P3w	I was referred this spot from a close family friend. I'm usually skeptical about going to new medical offices but the staff here made me feel right at home. The doctor knew exactly what I needed without a single doubt. He prescribed me a creme that has dramatically bettered my condition. I would recommend this urgent care to anyone!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T1EClfGRYIc9YhShXloBYQ	I cant even describe how happy I am with this place. The staff, from receptionists to doctors, they're all amazing! Such helpful and friendly people. I had an appointment and went it, guess what, I was seen at the time of my appointment! Didn't have to sit around reading magazines until the doctor was ready. That in itself is already worth 5 stars! The technology they have in the office, great! There was no referral out to get an x-ray done then come back and so on. Done in office, results came in quickly and my problem was solved quickly. I really couldnt be happier to go to a doctors office, these people are so wonderful! I'd like to thank everyone here for doing their job so wonderfully. I recommend this place to all of my friends, and they go, no matter how long the drive, it is completely worth it! THANKS IRVINE URGENT CARE!!!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dWuHXuHz_3kH6upoWeFs2Q	Hands down the best urgent care ever, I drive all the way from Glendora , to see them! They have excellent hours (open on a Sunday) all the imaging and lab equipment on site and practically no wait time! I wish they can open more locations with the same level of professionalism !! Keep up the good work! Other urgent cares can learn a thing or two!!	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3PlxO5kueaUNHKjdHgpfpQ	This place is clean, the staff is friendly, professional and efficient. .I came it because I thought I had broken my toe. I was able to get in and out for an x-Ray in under 30 min. Good news! The toe wasn't broken. The doc gave me some ibuprofen and sent me on my way. .Unfortunately, my foot still hurts. I'm back week 2 for bloodwork to see if all the rich Yelp food I eat gave me gout. I wish this had been diagnosed at my initial visit (the tech even suggested that it might be gout) - but I do appreciate the efficiency and customer service.	2 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TJyvPDxM52QpIaXiIBaE9A	After looking for a few places that could do a complete physical I ended up here and so glad I did. Before I even went there, I called ahead with several questions and was helped over the phone. .Physical went well and I was explained every procedure so I understood what it was for. Found my blood pressure was high and was told of several ways to take care of my problem. Several weeks later I feel better and my bp is almost normal without medication which was amazing!.Staff was super friendly and physician answered so many questions I almost felt like I was a bother but never got that feeling. Already planning on next year's exam here. After dealing with so many overcrowded clinics with terrible wait time, this was by far the most pleasant doctors visit in a long time.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yZ-S0enj77unpIQoUc40Mw	Yes!  Come here for help.  Quick to see you and help you!!.1) Spotless lobby and waiting area..2) Fresh, clean air.  No musty or typical sterile-smelling, toxic doctor's office environment..3) Front desk staff are professional, knowledgable, patient and polite- NOT RUDE!!.4) Medical assistant who takes you to your exam room and checks your vitals is intelligent, professional and polite.  This person will ask you why you're there and how they / the doctor, can help?.5)  My doctor was Diana K. Nguyen.  She's the bomb and has to be a great mom too- you can tell from her deportment;  She'sTotally into the patient and relates to them, well:  .- she listens.- asks questions directly related to your need(s) and what you're saying.- she responded directly to my ailment, which shows the assistant who initially saw me did listen and note exactly my health issue and why I was there..- She's well read and up on the latest research..- Dr. Nguyen discussed my health issue, got my input, and prescribed what she felt was best for me based off her diagnosis and interaction with me.- She also made some additional observations off the initial workup from her assistant and further questions.  She then made recommendations accordingly..- There is no question why this facility: urgent care and regular, primary physician practice with GPs, Family and Internal medical doctors is "tops", "awesome", "number 1", the best..- They treat you like a patient, not a number or future digit to their bsnk account.- They really have the patient's health and interests at heart.- Dr. Nguyen met with me a short while but MADE ME FEEL LIKE I GOT PERSONAL ATTENTION.  It's obvious the doctors at this facility all commmunicate with eachother and are on "the same page" when it comes to the clinic's philosophy:  the patient comes first; VS most practioners who are focused on the money and thinking how to act RE: Obimbo Care.  Yes- OBIMBO CARE.*********  Irvine Urgent Care rocks!! Highly recommend!!  5 Star Spicy!!!!.Dr. Nguyen rocks too! 10 Srars for her and her effective communication skills!	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=snMr82iKkEsMUfzn2mqjaw	Irvine urgent care always treats me right every time I go. Due to my skin condition I go here frequently and never once I had a problem. The staff is always eccentric and welcoming, the doctor is humble and very understanding. I wouldn't go anywhere else	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=a-uLIqdjs3z4wi4TKEvycQ	I was recommended to visit this center from a friend in the OC. I want to thank Dr. Vesal for his patience when evaluating my sinus issues. I can tell your experience and in-depth knowledge is the reason why I was able to recover from this issue within couple days. I went from feeling dead to 90%+! Thanks Dr! Hope not to see you soon.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zXWZlDMgGKkqnV6WAbP7Cg	I went in for a simple test and the visit took 4 hours! The PA did not introduce himself and did not take a history or ask about what my issue was and just ordered some unnecessary tests to pad the office's billing. The doctor barely spent any time meeting with me, did not address my concerns and then prescribed some medications that did not address the issue. On top of all of that, they did not perform basic tests that any competent doctor's office would perform, did not run anything through my insurance and billed hundreds of dollars for procedures they did not perform. I won't be back!	1 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rgT6cpJ0PDJOQfA6_7uHDw	Had an amazing experience! Had an appointment at 10, came a few minutes prior and actually went in at 10! Super rare, usually it takes hours but I was in and out in under an hour! Definitely recommend this place.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qPmwhB2Fy18DmCEuTKh1Bw	Called to ask about getting a sports physical for my teen.  They said they have a doctor on staff daily and usually 39 minutes or less wait.  We walked in the next day to their beautiful, comfortable waiting room and we're talking to a doctor 15 mins later!  They were able to give some vaccinations he needed, drew blood fir a full panel, and then walked us to the 'heart room' for a full cardiac exam for my 15 yr old!  All for our $25 copay!  I'm still in shock!  They said they can be our primary care doctor too, and annual heart exam is a part of their standard physical.  Just amazing!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bD1GT_IhnRrKF5e26QaQLA	They have spacious parking and it is located near diamond jamboree. Very friendly and professional staff! I felt welcomed the moment I enter. It gets busier on Monday, but the staffs makes sure to accommodate you in a timely manner. The wait time is much faster than other urgent care and the place is very clean which is also another plus.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=3fqjtPCoXYzHSvSXKYP16A	It's hard to find top tier quality care in a market riddled with scammers and places that are just there for the money. I never thought I'd find such a place that actually cared about you, and made you feel at home the minute you walked in. I usually dread coming into any Urgent Care's and stay away from them as much as possible, until I had no choice. I was greeted the moment I arrived and though I had never been there before, they acted like I was just a part of the family. .I came in for a checkup of my left fibula that had been repaired with metal and screws a few years back. It throbbed every morning as I walked and I couldn't deal with the pain any longer, especially on days I had no time and had to fly out the door. .My doctor was absolutely incredible. He attended to me as if I was his life long patient and never treated me like I was inferior than him, like many doctors do. He took the time to ask questions and figure out what was actually wrong with me and take the time to solve it. He never rushed me when I explained how I was feeling. .I don't mind coming back, and recommend it to anyone who needs fast, reliable and top-tier service.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pJYzl1kaRYZB9qte6gvRSg	The best facility by far for all your needs they do treatments for back injuries, MRI, cat scan you name it . All the Doctors from Dr Vesal Dr Risser and Dr Nguyen there experts and of course your Treatment center is only as good as there support Staff, all of them Carlos and Andy Rachel Karen everybody..I live in south county there worth the drive to Irvine.. They take most insurance and they are open 7 days a week there so good there expanding across the hall .Thanks everyone your the Best.	4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sHXleO-2649WaBQEVMeIng	Dr. Huang is absolutely great. She used to be my parents' PCP until one day she dropped out of the network. We were stunned and it was simply heartbreaking! I've been praying ever since that she would call one day and tell me that it was just a bad dream. My mom herself is a retired MD and she completely trust her health to Dr. Huang. She has a busy schedule but she never rushed us. She is super organized and takes great care of the elderly patients. I wish she accepts our insurance again.	1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gXr_bc6sXIA_fSq6-RX1Bg	Crackpot doctor apparently you have to pay a $69 fee just to communicate with the doctor via some program where she probably gets a kickback	7 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Dr20D7Dq2btl7rZxiPAaNQ	Worst experience ever. This Dr. is the reason my mother almost died. Her office botched her appointment and rescheduled so many times my mother ended up in the emergency room with severe sepsis. She was in ICU for two weeks fighting for her life. We finally got in after the ICU stay and Hamilton couldn't get her out of the office quickly enough because she was getting ready to go on vacation. I had to remind her my mother almost died and she needed to order a blood test to confirm the infection had been successfully eliminated. She was incredibly annoyed and dismissive, couldn't leave the room fast enough (she gave us 10 mins max).  .This negligent nearly fatal experience was February 2013 TODAY we received an automated message notifying us we needed to set up an online account through portal connect to receive a secure message from Hamilton. How is this woman even allowed to continue practicing medicine? Her office and her show a true lack of attention to detail, lack or organization and that's on top of not really giving a care about the health of a frail elderly woman How many reschedules do you think an elderly person should have to endure and accommodate? .I'm so grateful we only suffered through the one appointment and immediately switched Dr's. That was the best decision ever and as a result my Mother is doing well under the very attentive care of a great Dr. Dr. Kalena Hwang. .This automated email from her overlooked patient list 2 years later is what prompted me to write this review. There are so many Dr's available, please care about your loved ones enough to avoid this awful Dr. and practice.	3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qglEbJCPZ9kYO0A-SgZcSQ	Not sure why there are such low reviews? It might be tough to get ahold of them at times due to high phone traffic but they do a great job following up and scheduling appointments. .The staff is friendly and Dr. Hamilton herself is very polite and supportive of her patients. She is only there Tuesday-Friday but you can also see her Nurse Practitioner Carrie who is awesome!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iKnJpstUVVKca4fWjFtmzA	If you're looking for a PCP, do NOT choose Dr. Hamilton. She is never in her office, usually out of the country...ALOT. Good for her if she's doing missionary work, but she needs to remember she has a practice in the US & patients that rely on her. It wld be a totally different story if she at least staffed her office while she's gone! Not being able to get into her office because she's gone & no one else is there to see patients has happened to me way to many times. Changing my PCP	6 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=l5Wz9BOzZZ8BnivnEItADA	I really hate to write this review - I LIKE Dr. Hamilton - and her office staff are NICE.  That's where the positive ends, however, and I'm looking for skilled, professional, responsive medical expertise, not friends..They no longer answer the phone (I was told this by the doctor and the staff) - just leave a msg, and they will get back to you.  Sure.  I've done that, but rarely get calls back.  I made note of the number the office called ME from, and now use that (the back line, I guess, which they answer).  The front office staff is sweet, but not too sharp.  They didn't know that they accepted my insurance.  Tests and lab work that I've had done don't show anywhere in their records.  I went in complaining of pain, and was told that she would order lab work.  The office emailed me the lab work, called to tell me of an "abnormal" result, but that was it.  When I asked what the "abnormal" result meant, what caused it, what I should do, I got nothing.  Literally!  I was told that I could schedule another appointment (and copay) to ask the doctor to explain the lab results to me.  Excuse me, but isn't that just half the job?  I'm not the doctor - she's the one being paid to explain this to me.  .I tried to call the doctor for several days to see what she planned to do about my pain (now going on for 1.5 weeks - no diagnosis, no xray, no pain reliever - NOTHING), but got nowhere.  After getting thru to the office (3rd day in a row of calling) and staying on hold for 26 minutes, I actually got Dr. Hamilton on the phone.  She said that my lab work was normal and she didn't know why I had pain, and that I should go to a specialist.  Thanks.  After a WEEK of waiting??.Absolutely ZERO medical help, and the front office doesn't have a clue what they are doing.  Sweet people, but this is not a good Dr's office.  In my humble opinion.	16 7 7	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9UM595pja-1Z7ZDDix20pw	While Dr. Hamilton is ok though she's rarely available and has very constricted appointment times which is hard for people who work, it's her staff that is awful. Message service is bad, no compassion or helpfulness, and the accounting/billing situation is so messed up.They were sending me some sort of bill to the wrong address, not one I recognized, and didn't take the responsibility for their error. I am now with another group in Irvine who is excellent.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Je2hSy8J-xPgObBxDfGizA	I LOVE Dr. Hamilton!!! she's an amazing and knowledgeable PCP. it has been a great experience visiting this office. The staff at the front desk are very nice and understanding. I'd recommend her to ANYONE who is looking to for a great PCP. She truly is THE BEST!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kdV91E3--2WvrIRz5JSctA	Shawn Hamilton is rarely in her office. Her staff rarely answers the phone. There are business days when the office will not be responsive at all for no reason. She recently has hired another physician, but he is unable to do anything beyond simple consultation. Her staff has gotten my prescriptions wrong in almost every refill. This is from at least 2 years of experience with her. Avoid!	16 8 8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=R1LPJIbEBPps9QHzLldyKw	I'm another patient of Dr. Hamilton's who's puzzled by all the negative reviews. I need to see a lot of specialists for various ailments, so Dr Hamilton for the past 5-6 years has been something of the quarterback of my team of doctors. Test results go through her office to whoever ordered it. Never had any problem of results not getting to the right doc or hospital in time. She handles all my routine medical just fine. One difference from other Yelpers - her office is about a mile & a half from my house. I don't like the automated scheduling, so for most appt needs I stop by to set a time. I realize most people don't have that luxury and shouldn't need to.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wRS5kWSMhn2dP_J86P8ZCA	I had a mediocre experience last year with Dr. Hamilton for a well woman exam.  She spent less than 5 minutes with me and ordered a blood test which was posted online for me.  The one thing I did like was the email notifying me my test results were available for view.  But when I emailed to ask about a "low" reading on one area of my test, they simply said it's nothing to worry about.  No explanation on why it reported low.  However, this year has been impossible.  It seems they have designated only a few hours in the morning on Tue and Thu to perform check ups and well women exams and will make no exceptions.  Considering the premiums we pay for insurance, I need a doctor who can accommodate my schedule.  And all this after I referred a couple people...I wish I could take those back!  Definitely told them not to go again after this experience.	18 10 9	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zUgcfJ0vJ5JKk16MCxU6gw	Yes Dr Hamilton and her staff are very friendly and pleasant.  IF you can actually get them to answer the phone and book an appointment.  I've been to see her twice now for general checkups but whenever I've been sick or needed to follow up on something it is impossible to get through to them.  I've tried calling daily, always get vm, leave messages that are never returned.  This happened last time too and I eventually gave up (went to an urgent care center for an antibiotic).  Now this is the second time, same thing.  Call and call with no answer or call-back.  It's been 4 days of waiting.  I'm DONE.  Finding another doctor.	17 7 8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gysk4hAjOMLO0gfuZIU0WA	Whenever I have a need, I get an appointment on the same day or the next day. .There is a little bit waiting but bearable. .She listens, and she discusses details and further solutions if necessary. .She is professional, get to the point straightly,  never waste time on BS, which I really appreciate because I don't want to spend more time in a clinic and I don't want to keep other patients waiting. .The recently started NextMD communication channel is so cool! I got to see my original lab reports and her comment letters.  I even asked her questions about my friend's father and she replied on the same day. .I've been seeing her for almost 10 years, ever since I moved to Irvine. I got the courage from her to have my second child which my husband said is the most correct decision that we ever made. I one time ran into her at Discovery Center on a weekend while she was following her little kid around. Completely a loving mom.  I respect her as a professional doctor as well a caring mom.	6 6 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=UqBBbS7kU-6qOXUwh8iZyQ	Dr. Shawn Hamilton Irvine. Worst MD Ever do not got to her. Her staff never answers the phone. I had to drive to the office to get an appointment.Tootsie the office receptionist is a loser. She doesn't do what she is suppose to do for the patience than lies and cry's about it. Dr. Hamilton is also a lair and  does not know how to run her office or employees. This was a horrible experience for me and I wouldn't recommend her if she was the last MD on earth. Please Stay away.	13 8 8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=R0Odsosp32yU46YRe9C4Ig	I don't see what the complaints are about.  I went there needing to get an ailment diagnosed, and it as very smooth.  The staff is extremely nice, the paper work was not a problem, and the doctor was also very friendly..She took the time to review my symptoms and signs and proceeded to prescribe the proper treatment.  She even checked for other symptoms and signs that I wasn't in there to check. That's how thorough she is.  .Payment and insurance checks all went quickly and smoothly as well. I'll definitely be coming back here when I need to.	8 7 6	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=N_w9_Dc4AFLVFD_ojyWlzg	I discovered Dr. Hamilton years ago when my thyroid condition had been misdiagnosed, and she had just begun her practice.  I have followed Dr. Hamilton as she's grown her practice, moved to her own offices, obtainied respect among the experts and entrance to OC hospitals.   I continue to hike down the hill from my current home in North County as she is my idea of an ideal doctor..Dr.Hamilton tenderly and patiently cared for my challenging, frail elderly mom who had a crappy HMO, fighting Medicare to get her the specialists and tests she needed .Dr. Hamilton's sense of humor helped my family to care for a ailing parent. (You see Dr. Hamilton balances her busy life between community service, her family, and her music.). My own health has seen several operations and damage from other bad drivers.  Dr. Hamilton has been there through all my trauma and emergencies, using her brilliance and effectiveness to help me with bad lab billings and getting me the latest and best care.  With her MBA, she stays current on the latest best practices such as using on-line technology.  With the advent of Obamacare, Dr. Hamilton has kept her heart and practice open to new patients with bad insurance, because she does what doctors are supposed to do - take care of patients.  With this latest national health care drama when there are too few doctors with too little space and staff, she continues to add to her multi-lingual staff (English, Spanish, Chinese), as well as add to her telephone lines, rearrange her space, update her technology.  Hers is not a concierce practice. She is on the front-line, maximizing the effectiveness of  herself and her sweet staff including a nurse practioner and medical technologists..  I can always depend on her Tootsie to get me what I need.  Dr. Hamilton  mentors other doctors whom the U.S. has imported from other countries to cover our national healthcare needs.   I would give her more than 5 stars if they were available.  I am so grateful to Dr. Hamilton and her caring team!	6 6 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fd6CeZkmWiTQA83HQR4SEQ	Very unimpressed with this doctor. Was told to see her as my primary care physician by insurance, and had my first visit before leaving to study abroad in China. We had a mandatory check-in with the school nurse who gave me a list of immunizations to get, and when I showed Dr. Hamilton, she told me I didn't need any except for the flu shot. When I got to China, I was the ONLY one who hadn't had any immunizations before the trip...hmmm.....Other times I have gone to see her, I mainly needed to see a specialist. In these cases I would wait for a call from her receptionist to let know whether the request had been approved, and for info on the doctor. I'm still waiting to know whether I have been approved to see a dermatologist after a month....I've been very frustrated with this office. The times I've gone to her I always have to wait even when making my appointment on time, and once I see her I get the feeling she's just trying to finish as quick as possible without actually helping me at all..Needless to say, I'm switching doctors.	17 9 9	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8qoNvCt1Mc80BiFkbFLYIw	Very confused by the comments others have made about Dr. Hamilton and the office. Here is why:.Dr. Hamilton only has two people working for her and maybe that is the reason why someone didn't get a call about a derm approval. Her staff explains the referral process very well and they do say that if you have an HMO insurance, the approvals take longer than usual. The girls do an amazing job handling the office. They are always friendly, Dr. Hamilton has been my doctor for over 8 years and she improves year by year.  She sees same day patients and that is a plus because not a lot of doctors do. .She is a honest doctor of good faith and I highly recommend her. Good Day!		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=USelDlu7sK4jbhxuszYHwA	Nice doc and staff, but watch out if you're on meds that need to be monitored and or changed. Lots of confusion with that part. Sorry : /	11 8 8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2_EU_QpK-YaAvbqmH-Y3SA	UCLA Medical School.  Focused and knowledgeable.  Will not waste your time or allow you to waste hers for seeing other patients.  Personable with a good sense of humor.  If you have questions Dr. Hamilton and her staff will be responsive.  Take a moment to formulate your question because neither she nor any doctor can read your mind.  She is not there to be your friend.  She is there to provide you with the best medical care possible, and she does.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jpJgHD9KO4YMeWTXZtN-5w	Not sure why I am even giving a star but I guess I need to give Dr. Shawn Hamilton something in order to write this review. I called her office looking for a Doctor for me and my two children. Asked if she was a caring Doctor and would she see teenagers as well. Oh yes she is amazing and she see's teens too-that's what Tootsi (office staff) told me. So she booked our appt and we all came in together to meet her and she was literally trying to refer me and my daughter out to another Primary Care Doctor on our first visit with her-not a good feeling. Said that I had too many medical issues and that my daughter was to young. She diagnosed my son with high iron in his blood and was suppose to refer him to a hematologist-she never followed up with me for my son. I am really disappointed with Dr. Shawn Hamilton-I was excited to have her as my Doctor because she is a female internist and I do have allot of medical issues but that's okay because she was my doctor!  Right? Well sad to say she actually canceled me as a patient because I did have too many medical issues and instead of telling me in person-she sent a letter. I can actually say a whole lot more about Shawn Hamilton but I think you get the idea. If you don't believe and you still want to see here-go see her and find out for yourself. You absolutely wont believe it-she literally rushes you in/out she spends no more than 5 minutes (if that) with you. I worked at LLUMC, UCI and for the County of Orange in the medical field for many many years  and I have never come across a Doctor that is so rude, inconsistent and clearly does not care about the SICK patients like Dr. Shawn Hamilton. I wonder where she did her internship at-in the hood?  So Dr. Hamilton if you are reading this-then you know who I am and you have received my letter (the review on you) and if you would like a verbal well then you have my number. That was really shady of you to have your office staff lie for you about that referral to Monarch. I suggest you close shop for a bit and actually go back to school for a real MD license and also obtain a personality so you know how to have discussions with your patients because it is suppose to be a minimum of 15 minutes for an office visit not 5 minutes or less! .Shame on you for billing insurance companies for hundreds of dollars when your services were not worth more than a dime.	17 10 10	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZNasew_adQuPAhWEIw1prA	PROS:.1.  Caring doctor.2.  Takes her time to explain things.3.  Willing to listen.4.  Tells you whether she is an expert or not on something, rather than just trying to gain your confidence.  Being honest is a huge merit..CONS:.1.  Sometimes things get lost in translation:  I have gone to her office multiple times and sometimes she says "take this medication twice a day" but the pharmacist's instructions on the medicaton says "take this medication three times a day".  Who am I to believe?.2.  Sometimes things get lost in the shuffle:  twice I had to follow up to the office for a referral or a medicine followup.  Whenever they know they messed up, they fix it right away though..3.  Dr. Hamilton works part time.  It is hard to get face time with her, you have to schedule a week in advance Sometimes.....Conclusion:.In life, we get 4-5 stars for perfection.  Thus, I am a fan but only giving 3 stars..Shawn is a female doctor by the way.	5 2 1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Gzi5kvxGXVxhb-i0nU81CA	Dr. Hamilton has been my primary care doctor for over ten years and has been there for me through numerous illnesses, and accidents.  She intelligently disputed rulings by Medicare and other insurance and lab billings for me as she has mastered their systems and willingly writes needed letters and talks to Rx reps to get meds.  She takes most insurance.  She is well networked and knows which specialists to refer despite any incentive HMO might give primary care doctors to keep all the business for themselves.  She does what is best for the patient.  She is practical and brilliant diagnosing complex situations.  She has an excellent staff and PA who make my records available to me on-line and take the initiative if she is out of the office.  She listens to patient feedback; and  streamlined her lobby usage so everyone quickly goes to private waiting rooms to avoid community germs.. Familiar with Oriental Herbs, she has sent me to the local Chinese pharmacy for great sore throat remedies in addition to using western meds.  The best of East and West!  Plus she has a fun, spunky personality and is a Christian  singer with a big following.  I am so grateful to Dr. Hamilton.  She cares and truly heals!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mojWuv6Z-gOyTSpzP6qtxw	If you are searching for a knowledgeable acupuncturist at a very reasonable price, search no further. Dr. Chen is great. He knows he stuff, having practiced medicine in China before moving to the states. The staff is accommodating and pleasant. I have never waited more than a few minutes to be seen.	3 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sw1D_VW94jj-Tek5-WErJQ	After going a few months without acupuncture went back to see Dr Chen & Dr Li  yesterday....I feel wonderful, God bless them!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=1JiGHYtrANoSfASeo2CedA	At age 52 I should not do kickboxing!! LOL!  After last session, I hurt my back so bad that could not get out of the bed or turn around in bed (Fine when I am standing). So I went for 1 session of back pain treatment at this office and over 90% of my pain is gone.   Very clean office, lots of parking, friendly receptionist and the treatment worked so well!  Was very pleased... But no more kickboxing at this age! :-)	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VOhQQUqCjqGlHVBQbvdkYg	Dr. Li is very thorough, kind and gets to the bottom of what ails you.  She has helped me in so many ways. She helped me get back to balance my hormones, helped with stomach issues, and has increased my energy.  Her blend of eastern and western medicine are unique and so beneficial.  I have highly recommended her to friends.  She's a life saver!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=A3vdahaVX-lQcnZJFqD1wQ	I was a patient of the doctor, starting nine years ago, and she was GREAT.  Yes, she's not touchy-feely, but the three years I spent with her -- I never felt so good before or after.  She was great with some of my coworkers who also saw her and referred her to me.  In fact, I now live 800 miles away and I'm thinking of traveling that far to see her again.  The doctor knows her stuff.  So, unless she has changed greatly in the past six years, I don't know how anyone could post anything negative about her.  I never, ever got the impression that she was trying to bilk out of money.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KPhG5ZjgMS8ekY8_zTlhxw	Dr. Li is the utmost professional, caring and gifted doctor I have ever had the pleasure of seeing. She is extremely intuitive and takes the time to diagnose and get to the root of your problems. I have been a patient for 7 years and trust Dr. Li with every aspect of my medical care. She is gifted, compassionate and very patient with all of her clientele. She is experienced in both Eastern and Western medicine. She will accomodate your schedule and will always work you in.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Asexh8ICZkhpUrjL5Q8U2A	Dr. Li is the most amazing doctor.  She's helped me so much, I always feel whole after my visits.  She's a miracle worker!	2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cZk7hHBIrYR00H8lG26Q6Q	I've been going here for about 4 months. I really like the staff. They feel like family. Doctor Choi is very caring, and is a cool guy and totally rules. The other staff are great too. I was having problems with stomach pains, migraines, back and neck pain and I saw massive improvement from the visits. I'd come here every other day if I could.	4 2 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MPs18nULcqYDPWWfXgJkBw	I was very disappointed with this chiropractor.  I had a debilitating back injury, came here and we quickly got off to a bad start as when I set my appointment, I faxed my insurance card to their office.  They called back immediately and told me that my insurance covered my visits.  However, when I arrived, the receptionist told me that what she meant was that my health provider was out of network but they would still see me (of course at a full price out of my pocket...close to $100/visit).  I felt scammed already by the receptionist and I had not even seen the chiropractor yet.  Regardless, I felt forced to continue with the appointment  because it was late on Friday before a 3-day holiday weekend and my back was in horrible condition.  I had significant lower back pain..I then sat down with the Zen Care chiropractor / owner, Jay Kang, D.C.   He recommended  x-rays.  Before I had the x-rays done though, Dr. Kang was negotiating with me telling me that he would do the x-rays for free in exchange for a promise of 6 visits from me.  This was another red flag as how could this fee-hungry chiropractor even know that I would need 6 visits.  And regardless, a good chiropractor would not recommend x-rays.  .At this point, I felt forced to continue only because it was not going to be possible for me to see a chiropractor until after the 3-day weekend. Therefore, I agreed to the 6 appointments in exchange for free x-rays.  Dr. Jay Kang then took the x-rays which ended up being horrible.  They were very over-exposed and taken at bad angles.  Dr. Jay Kang and I could hardly see my spine on the x-rays.  However, Dr. Jay Kang tried to lie to me as he said that he saw signs of osteoporosis (found more w/post-menopause females).  Dr. Jay Kang then reached for a vitamin bottle and recommended that I begin purchasing and consuming his line of vitamins to treat my alleged osteoporosis.  I guess he did not notice that I was a former football player at 6'1"  250 lbs with a very solid musculature from weight-lifting for 30+ years.  I had to laugh inside because osteoporosis is the last thing that I would worry about at this point in my life.  I explained this to Dr. Jay Kang and he then immediately retracted his statement about the osteoporosis (I guess he found me smarter than I look).  Dr. Jay Kang tried to back-track his statement saying that he did not mean osteoporosis for me but he stated that osteoporosis is generally a popular concern for people (what a pathetic retracement of a statement!)  .Dr. Jay Kang then put me on the muscle stimulation machine (which is basically a waste of time...especially for my horrible condition), he then followed with a traditional adjustment (which probably made my then back injury worse at the time) and then Dr. Jay Kang invited me to try his traction machine.  The traction machine is the biggest scam in the chiropractic business.  I for a fact know that chiropractic traction machines cost $100,000+.  It is one of the latest scams that chiropractors use try to sell to their patients to make money.  And the manufacturers (of the traction machines) try to back up the machine with a very loose and unfounded testimony that traction cures 97% of patients.  I am personally smarter than to believe that silly talk.  Anyway, Dr. Jay Kang tried to sell me on 50 visits for the traction machine for $4,995 (I guess he thought that I was born yesterday).  I asked him if he sells one traction appointment at a time (for example: $4,995 divided by 50 = roughly $100).  He told me no, and that I must purchase the entire 50 visits.  I asked him if the traction machine was so good, why would I need 50 visits...he really did not have a good answer for me.  .I eventually stopped seeing him after 3 visits because his treatments were not doing anything at all for me.  And at my last two appointments he never brought the large back massager (found in most chiropractic offices) for me which I asked for on my first appointment and he subsequently told me he would have for me in the future.  .Fortunately, I found a great chiropractor that cured my lower back injury and I feel excellent.  I told the new chiropractor (that ultimately fixed me) about Dr. Jay Kang in Irvine and we both laughed about the unprofessionalism and multiple ways that the Dr. Jay Kang tried to fleece me of $4,995 for 50 traction visits.  I also borrowed my my x-rays from Dr. Jay Kang to show my new chiropractor and my new chiropractor said that Dr. Kang's x-rays were so poorly taken (over-exposed) that they were basically useless. However, I guess those over-exposed x-rays were good enough for Dr. Jay Kang to diagnose me with having osteoporosis (lol!).  .In the end, I threw away a few hundred bucks on Dr. Kang's treatements and he needlessly blasted with radiation multiple times for useless, over-exposed x-rays..Thanks for nothing Dr. Jay Kang and Zen Chiropractic...SEE YOU NEVER!	22 11 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CkeXkRHPM0B4YrSzC9FmWw	My family and I have been going here for years.  This place is great.  Very professional, clean and the staff are amazing.  Dr. Jay, Dr. Choe and Morra are awesome...I highly recommend this place!!!!!	4 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=q-ly7_LVW2Ryoe1jcbCdZg	I am true believer in chiropractic care. I had long history of  neck pain with headache and no drug has help me. since i receive chiropractic care, it has help me with my pain, but most of time it was temporary. Since i seen Dr. Kang, my pain over time disappeared. I thank him and his friendly staff who took good care of me. Now my entire family is seeing him and he even help me financially so that my whole family can receive this wonderful treatment. I will continue to support Zen Care because he saved my life. thanks again, Dr. Kang, Sorry to hear that Stan L. left bad review but it sounds like he had a bad day... may be missed understood the situation. Dr. Kang also gave me the whole picture so i can understand what is going on with my body and there is no surprises with what would cost for my care, then gave me huge discount. I think Stan forgot to maybe mention that...(discount) because Dr.Kang gave discount to all my friends and my family.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tnvBv_KlJ_ueEGtHklqgYA	Doctor Lekawa, is very professional, she gave me an appointment 30 minutes after I called to let the office know I wasn't feeling well. She fit me into the schedule right away. She seems like someone who cares about people and getting them well.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=x2wjkxXp8tzhirkoFTiOsg	Dr. Ing is Professional and addressed all concerns immediately. Asked questions and came up with a plan going forward.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wvH8Aa15PQ2lyGnw2kYCSA	Beautiful new facility, had a primary doctor appt. Drove in through the Red Hill side and viola found the entrance. The reception area is spacious and clean. The staff was helpful and attentive..Super convenient location and ez parking. So far I'm pleased.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XaxV17FDF0Az_1nh2TijnQ	Dr. Ballentine is great. Friendly, thorough, easy to schedule appointments. Treats Ehler's-Danlos patients. The UCI urgent care is also great.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vO1KPl-Vk6tXSxqRcwGlJQ	Dr Ing is awesome! Very caring and concerned. Thourough work. Made me feel comfortable during visit		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lXQuR2kUeyllT24Zt4fUtA	Dr. Ing and the staff at UCI Tustin are a top-notch choice for medical care. Nurses and reception staff respond quickly to phone calls and requests for prescriptions Etc. Wait times are short		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JD3HHumOL5aJa_Ocq2B4rA	My review is SOLELY for Dr. Lekawa and her staff. Dr. Lekawa is one of the few doctors in Orange County that listens to me and helps me when I need it. She is prompt with her appointment times, her assistants are knowledgeable and helpful. When you tell her what will help you, she actually listens. Recently, Dr. Lekawa came over to this UCI location and they are lucky because I have seen 5 doctors out of UCI and she is the only one who has been helpful, listens to patients, has a great bedside manner and doesn't make you jump through hoops to feel better. Again, this review is ONLY for her. She is my primary care doctor and she is amazing. She returns messages and takes the time to follow up with you. She cares. .Avoid the specialty doctors at all costs. Specifically, pain management.	2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sDN3w0VeBc4vUolnJE6zVQ	Had to bring in my son for a gash near his eye & was concerned about a concussion. Very clean facility. Was greeted nicely & helped navigate through paperwork. Was brought back right away & after a few minutes with a tech, saw Dr Zeller, who was great with my son. He took care of the cut quickly but carefully, & answered all of our questions patiently. Thank you all!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=j1jjSamjBnoM4kijiiqXaQ	Dr. Lekawa has been my physician more than half my life, going on twenty years now (she hasn't aged; I have!)  ;) .Originally saw her at the St. Joseph facility down the street, where she worked for again, close to twenty years, St. Joe's was also terrific.  The UCI facility opened a little over a year ago and numerous St. Joe's docs migrated over as well.  .I adore Dr. Lekawa, she treats other family members and dear friends of ours as well.  Her fellow physician colleagues are great, they all cover one another - which I have MUCH appreciation for (I've seen Drs. Sodaro, Ing, Ballentine - they're all terrific, too).  .Nurses and support staff are top notch, as is the very new/clean/modern/easy to access facility.  Much appreciation for same day appointments in a very timely manner, as well as seeing patients right on time during a scheduled appointment (waiting is never fun for anyone, but especially unpleasant when feeling unwell).  .I've been to the lab, they're terrific, as well (in time, would be VERY nice if they would take scheduled appointments - also no fun waiting for blood work when feeling poorly, however long waits have not been an issue at all thus far).  .I've not been to after hours Urgent Care here, as yet, but wouldn't hesitate to, as it is staffed with the same great office physicians.  .Very pleased with the level of care received here!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=a87sJGp3El9yer7JkKV5Yw	I went in with chest pain and wanted an EKG and a quick exam to rule out anything serious.  I have a history of blood clots and because of that, I was refused service by Dr. Nguyen.  He told me to go to the ER and wouldn't even look at me.  Not pleased.	3 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dln-gYMMSp8z-ROJX6GVVA	Recently changed my insurance so although my PCP is at this location, my first visit was to urgent care... The best experience I had at an urgent care!  Everyone I came in contact with from Jenny at front desk, assistants (sorry, didn't catch your name), through Dr. Nguyen was great.  Friendly, caring and explained everything throughout the process.  Highly recommend for urgent care and look forward to meeting with my primary.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=37urAmFB8Y-PXOyhhO1nXg	I had a great experience there.  The staff and the physicians are friendly and caring.  I highly recommend this clinic.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YRcgXojO3EhF_EZp8mRnsw	Best experience ever.  Maura is one who exemplifies a person who loves her job and joyfully exudes that same joy when treating her patients.  She and her staff made my experience there a positive one.  If you need care, Zen Care is the place to come.  You will leave there feeling you were the most important person!  I will definitely return for further treatment in the near future.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=074kADNwS-pcFsUMqwSLIg	Great treatment with results. I feel better and headaches are gone. Great place, gentle environment and sweet staff.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RUwaipnajkvQHpGyMQIcQA	Zen Care is incredible! Everyone there is amazing and the treatment they give is effective. Definitely recommend this place!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wYv8G4ZviSmMoNvZiMBZIw	I love Dr.Torrez, he is amazing!!! The receptionist/ medical assistant is extremely friendly, patient, and helpful. The office manager is wonderful and very helpful answering any questions you may have. I had a great experience at Zen Care and can't wait to continue my treatment. Already had my first treatment and it was incredible. Zen Care has a magnificent staff and great service. I definetly recommend this place!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qlPDe74S3yMNqA-ZVIZWQw	I had the opportunity to visit Zen Care a few years back when I had taken a rough spill off my .bicycle. I had already seen a doctor and they examined me with no ability to determine the source .of my pain or injury. It was clear to me thought that something was still wrong. I decided to go .see a chiropractor because I didn't think it could hurt. I had been to chiropractors before but never seen any direct results so I stopped going. .One of my coworkers recommended that I check out Zen Care as they specialize in helping people with injuries or after an accident. I decided to take his advice and check them out and I am glad that I did. My experience at Zen Care was extremely positive. The day I visited I was in serious pain in my chest and ribcage and they were very professional and compassionate. They helped me to determine the source of my injury which gave me great peace of mind. They also worked with me to reduce my pain until it was no longer a factor. Of all the chiropractors I have seen I found the most tangible results from the techniques used at Zen Care. I would definitely recommend them to my friends and family who have been in an accident or who are trying to find a pain management solution.	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FbxksQhxzDRIkhT3y6-wdA	Ive been to Many Chiropractors trying to find releif for my back pain.  Zen Care Chiropractor in Irvine has made it possible for me to live without the terrible pain. Their staff is very helpful and friendly.  They have state of the art equipment and extremely knowledgeable.  If you are in pain dony waist your time go straight to ZenCare Chiropractor in Irvine.  You will be glad you did. I know I am..Sandra	2 3 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gdCeeYrqKooBOWu7SuvUag	I started six treatment packages two weeks ago. I lost 2 to 5 inches from 5 parts of my body. The personal were really nice and friendly.If you follow diet you will get best result. I started diet and my weight changed as well. I did 3 treatments each week and it helps me to get better result.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eQGmNvya7MB1cDcb1YMwiQ	Had 1 treatment and I feel horrible! The medical assistant seemed new and didn't know what he was doing.  My back is so sore after the treatment, that I can hardly move without excruciating pain.  Not a good start..  may have to change chiro	1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ejR8w4_b5uGdGNokNEn7JQ	Recently had neck and shoulder pain...The pains of getting older I guess lol. I was recommended to zen from family Members who have had positive results in the past. This is my first chiropractic experience and Dr Kang and the staff are very professional and a week after having pretty bad pain and bad range of motion in my neck, I nearly have full range of motion and the pain is minimal! I highly recommend!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vwDCE3bgZUGlKhrkoPS5mA	Dr. Choe and Dr. Kang are the best chiropractics.  Back on 2006 I had a car accident and my back always feel pain, I went to different places for treatment and nothing happened, still with pain in my neck and upper shoulder.  2008 I visited Zen Care and that was my best decision, after 3 visits no more pain and what change in my life.  Since there I visit zen care two or three times a month for adjustment due to I work all day sitting at front of computer and after every visit I feel like new.  The environment of the office A+..I recommend a lot of friends and they are very happy.  All family visit ZenCare!	2 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qNwX39yAR-KtWOEvk1IbrQ	The doctors here are experts in a wide range of chiropractic and corrective techniques that eliminate the source of pain and discomfort. They make you feel comfortable and truly care about your long-term health and wellness. There are dozens of chiropractors in Irvine, but ZenCare is by far the most trusted and capable. I highly recommend them to those looking to fix their back and neck problems from the source, not just temporary pain relief.	7 4 6	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8bww4JU_Wf-W9MMsRxwrpw	I have been very pleased with the treatment I've received at Zen Care.  Everyone who works there is knowledgeable, personable and caring..      The chiropractors have a unique approach, which is very effective.  They take the time to explain their techniques and how they effectuate healing..       I highly recommend Zen Care.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8E6jgwI4ndTBTYPiGK6yuQ	I've been going to Dr. Torrez for less than 2 wks for my hands and I already see results. At least 60% better. The staffs (Maura, Stephanie, Mark) are cordial every time I go, and I don't have to wait.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qKTsrG1MShLFrnE9YuaG0g	I came to ZenCare in order to lose weight. I was very skeptical about being able to lose 20 plus pounds in a month using their HGC program, but I am pleased to say that I was able to lose 25 pounds in 4 weeks and continue to keep it off. I found Dr. Kang and his staff to be extremely professional and knowledgeable..I would encourage anyone who is serious about weight loss to give ZenCare a try, you won't be disappointed.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=H-E9msyGSbdHQBjFL3_RsQ	Dr. Choe is an excellent doctor.  When I brought my son in he spent a great amount of time really getting to understand my sons knee problems.  He treated my son's whole body not just his knees.  He spends a great deal of time with you and he makes sure he is doing what is best for you.  The staff is also very friendly and helpful.	2 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TmFQw3rvVsYiWHhiH859SQ	I came to Zen Care after purchasing 6 sessions of Lipo Laser and I highly recommend it. Their staff was very professional, on time and courteous. I saw the results after the first session and have kept the inches off.	1 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mv5sPvDMb8908iBsLudG2A	I first came to Zen Care in March after getting into a car accident, and have just finished my treatment. I was having lower back pains, and their treatment was very effective in rehabbing me from my accident in only about 2 months. As well as the treatment was, the staff really won me over. They were all professional while being very friendly during my experience. I would 100% recommend anyone who is in need of chiropractic care to give Zen Care a shot!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=I01mQqHqHs0ADpkg05754w	Dr. Choi is great! He explains in depth what's going on with your body and what next steps are suggested to bring a pain-free life to fruition. .From the customer  service to the cleanliness of the facility to the quality of equipment used to treat patients, I  highly recommend Zen Care!	4 3 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0fLHpbQnC1P86Ykbp4poxw	Dr. Choe is great! I've suffered from headaches almost my whole life but lately it has been a lot worse.  He spent my initial visit going over my xrays and explaining in detail what was wrong with me, then did a quick adjustment.  By my second visit, I was already feeling much much better.  I had my third visit today and am happy to say I'm about 85% recovered! Yay!  The office is clean and modern, and the girls are very nice and helpful.  Highly recommended.	3 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IOIKzKTREVew1ydr_L8xKQ	I find it difficult at times to trust doctors and chiropractors. They all tell you very different things and sometimes their educated guesses are great, but sometimes they are a shot in the dark. The doctors at Zen Care are the exception!.Dr. Choe has helped me out with my dislocated shoulder AND my hand when it was messed up. Hand is still recovering, but they really know what they are doing. When they explain something to you, it makes sense. They put a lot of time and care into their patients. I really appreciate it..I set up another appointment to check out their Allergy testing, so I will report back on that as well. .Tip: On my gps their location shows up wrong. Going down Laguna Canyon, my gps said make a LEFT onto waterworks (where building 117 and billabong is), it is a RIGHT and you will see a medical plaza.	4 2 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XeLQr33H-6_QVkiYyrDkgg	Dr. Choe is great! He fixed me up from all my tennis injuries. Recommended to see him even for maintenance and monthly checkups! Great guy	3 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=AjfQajk3xkeLioeASdD-JQ	Me & my family, including my teenage daughters and elderly parents have been patients of Zen Care for over 6 years. We have received excellent care & treatment for; many sports related injuries, 1 or 2 severe cases, a car accident, and general adjustments for back & neck pain from long hours at computers and driving. The Doctors are professional, knowledgeable, friendly and along with the great staff, i highly recommend Zen Care, and i have referred a number of my friends and business associates...	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Bf2CeI90fHaJph7LUDsYzA	If you have an injury and are in pain Zen care is the answer. They are miracle workers that have helped my whole family. It is amazing how Dr Choe can pinpoint the pain areas without me even telling him. I appreciate the way they educate as well as heal. My kids have gone and have had nothing but great things to say about the experience and staff. I highly recommend going if you are in need of healing.	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uWlYlX_AUgqD4ubNrxGmtw	The employees here are genuinely kind people. They accomadate to your schedule and they'll give you the WiFi PW if you give them a review. Thank you zen care family for your service and I'll definitely be back if I get in another fatal accident :)	2 4 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sC8pePK8WlMTU9qrX8agHQ	If you have reservations or doubts about reaching out to a chiropractor for help with back pain or any pain in general, give Dr. Choe and the staff at Zen Care an opportunity to change your life. After throwing my back out in the summer of 2013, I'd tried physical therapy and a number of other things to get back to an active lifestyle. Nothing seemed to work well.  One particular day my back pain was just unbearable and Zen was the closest place to my office. I called and they saw me that evening. On my first visit and on every visit since, the experience is consistent. The staff is genuinely caring and interested in seeing you get better. I have recommended Dr. Choe to several colleagues and would recommend him and the Zen staff to anyone. Try them out!	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iimh8IdWIx6z2k4ercONtw	We love this place! We've been coming here for 4 years now and have seen a huge difference for my daughter and her scoliosis!	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bWQ6sDCnEczo-ZykXeMCpA	Great service from the folks at Zen Care! Highly recommend the allergy testing and the physical therapy. The staff is top notch and very professional.  5 stars!!	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sJncjFCn9MVJvKT31htaQQ	Zen Care is the best there is!  The entire staff is welcoming and make you feel like family, not just another patient.  Dr. Choe and Dr. Kang spend much time explaining your treatment plan and how they can change your life forever by living free from pain.  After my first visit, I already felt much better and pain free, unlike other chiropractors.  Zen Care is more than a chiropractic office, they are truly a wellness center!	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pmAWQ3B265TvZ7Mq2cQUJQ	Dr. Choe was attentive and really helpful with my case. They actually try to help you get better here unlike places that keep you around so they can rob you blind.	4 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DNu0S3qFjo3vwYN9QCN8yg	Dr. Choe is best chiropractor I've ever had. He's professional and personable as well as thorough when evaluating your problem areas.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rurmE39hWKnCR8tM0ARSKg	Zen care is an amazing place for chiropractic care.  I am a runner and have been coming here for over 5 years for the best treat, friendly staff and efficient service.  Very clean facilities and convenient location.	1 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wURBNhD75M9NiHnj3IXOsg	Dr. Choe has been great! The adjustments are great and my tension headaches are nearly gone. Its a very clean and fancy looking office!.And my acupuncture deddiond with Dr. Choi was amazing!.Thanks guy!!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_2fdRW_Cqpd6TGH5altZyg	My family has been going to zen for over 8 years.  Dr. Choe is amazing and extremely knowledgable.  The office staff is friendly and always helpful.   I highly recommend Zen Care to anyone who is suffering from any type of pain or discomfort.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=znN-Yd6tHLkGYgjl6Qbweg	I came to Zen Care because I talked to the acupuncturist at our company's health fair, not because I researched the clinic.  I explained to Doctor Choi that I hurt my patella tendon while lifting weights and he recommended acupuncture.  Ibuprofen and massage did not seem to help; I was very worried that I wouldn't run anytime soon, and that I would have to drop out of my upcoming race.  It was at the point where it hurt whether I ran or not..It was my first time undergoing acupuncture treatment and it was bizarre!  After cleaning the area to be treated, Doctor Choi inserted fine, individually wrapped needles around my knees, along with ones above my knees and along the side of my legs.  I am not pain-tolerant.  I am also not excited about the idea of needles anywhere near me; however, the doctor was quick, precise and kind.  He made light and friendly conversation to keep me distracted.  The only area that stung at all was around my bum knee, but it was fleeting pain.  After all the needles were placed, he warmed my knees with some sort of heat lamp and it felt great!  Ahhhhhhh.  More time passed, and then he moved some of the needles slightly.  That was the only part I didn't like, but I think it might be... mandatory.  I did learn that I need to be simultaneously relaxed and STILL during the treatment for maximum comfort.  After what seemed like a long time, Doctor Choi quickly removed all the needles, and my knee felt warm and normal for the first time in a week.  I followed his instructions of rest and my knee felt better the next day.  .I only needed one follow-up treatment, which helped rid me of the pain completely.  One leg adjustment by my regular chiro fixed the alignment issue and I haven't had any knee pain since.  In fact, my knee is the only thing that doesn't hurt after running nowadays..If you're thinking of trying acupuncture, I recommend Doctor Choi.  Not only did he patch me up, but he recommended balance and water exercises that would strengthen my legs without putting "squat strain" on my knees.  I dedicate Mile 12 to Doctor Choi and Doctor Reiley (@ another clinic).  You guys rule!	5 2 4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=js0LjYjQDRJQLnW22Gvjzg	Dr Kang and his staff are wonderful... Prices are very reasonable and the massages are the best !	4 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yBaroiGTItrjbyeueXnEcg	Dr.Kang and his staff are professionals at what they do and have kept me from having back pain from the bulding disc I incurred while playing baseball in college. The office is clean and located in a great area! I would recommend this office to anyone. Chiro, accupunture, massage and lots more are offered.	1 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5Ne49JUy1l5ctO9EXxbEZA	I have been treated for my chronic neck, upper back and lower back issues at Zen Care for a year and a half now. I only go in when I need to, and I must say the acupuncture and chriopractic care from Drs. Kang, Cho and Jung has been excellent, precise and caring. They use this little device that pinpoints the exact locations of inflammation, so no unnnecessary adjustments are done. Maura has been very sweet and helpful in getting me convenient appointment times. Their massage therapists are outstanding!	4 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=M1e8s7oE0t_VD_2E5TOgxQ	I really enjoyed my visit and will definitely go back!  I went in with lower back problems.  They took the time to listen to my complaints and did not just do an all for nothing cracking.  I was treated only for my complaint (as requested) and felt much better after!.Most chiropractors just do a standard adjustment.  These guys took the time to figure out exactly what was wrong, and only worked to fix the problems..I highly recommend!	4 2 2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=-zQ1GxQuevxKQ88s57CyAw	Dr. Choi is the best.  I was scheduled for rotator cuff surgery, experiencing severe pain.  Surgery was only choice, then appointment with Dr. Choi, changed everything. About (2) months of treatment, yes acupuncture takes repeats treatments.  But in my case alternative was surgery.  Surgery should be last resort, surgery is final decision.  I had discussed and made surgery appointment with orthopedic surgeon.  Tried acupuncture as last chance prior to surgery, but I learned acupuncture should be first choice.  After surgery up to (3) months wearing a sling, limited use of arm/shoulder.  Followed by 6 to 9 months of physical therapy.  Surgery also would have resulted in limited range of shoulder motion and movement.  Further, surgery cannot guarantee result will be pain free.  I was taking motrin daily.  Now no motrin, no pain.  After (2) months of shoulder acupuncture treatment, I'm pain free.  Thank you Dr. Choi.  Appointments are very accommodating, Dr. Choi takes time to listen, excellent bedside care.  Dr. Choi explains all treatment processes, never in a hurry.  All staff, Mora, Arthur, always helpful and efficient.  I can't say enough good things.  Get rid of your pain.	3 2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NuHbaHBMeN2zK3yGfcQKnA	I had been having chronic back problems most of my adult life.  Recently, I experienced bouts of intense muscle spasms, due to pinched nerves in my lower back and neck that resulted in extreme pain.  Within a matter of a few of visits, the staff at Zen Care were able to relieve most of the spasming and associated pain.   Without the immediate care from Dr. Kang and Dr. Cho, I would not have been able to bend over or turn my neck without experiencing severe pain.   .I highly recommend Dr. Kang and his talented and professional staff of doctors and massage therapists at Zen Care.   They have done a wonderful job of taking care of me!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LHm6oS83dtr5oJvR9oP36A	This place never fails to disappoint. Both times I have gone here I have had a bad experience..I understand that as a walk-in you will be facing a long wait time. But the ladies at the front desk are just as rude in person as they are over the phone. I remember having issues with Monica and Lisa. Their cold indifference and ability to ignore multiple people standing at the counter in front of them is actually quite impressive. In the middle of talking to Lisa about filling out a form she cut me off and turned around to talk to the receptionist behind her and didn't even glance back up at me as she answered the phone. .I try to be as polite as possible because I am very aware of the frustration one can feel when working with a rude or difficult person. But, holy crap, I got the same unprofessional rudeness from the nurses too..I had to see the nurse practitioner (Molly) for a sinus infection. I understand that at times it can get so busy that it is difficult to see a doctor. But I had to BEG her to give me a Zpack for my 2 week-long sinus infection and she refused and insisted on continuing only over the counters. .Avoid this place. You will come in feeling terrible and leave feeling like an idiot. What a waste of time and a copay. .I ended up using a over the phone medical service and they prescribed me the medicine I needed in less than five minutes.	5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lT8GMwid9h0hShr7lDroIg	It took them about an hour to see me..kinda surprised at that.  I was pretty relieved to see the waiting room was almost empty when I got there after already getting the runaround somewhere else..SInce this practice is half walk-ins (urgent care) and half primary care (appointments) then it didn't seem like I'd have a long time to sit around, but it started to add up. Probably wouldn't have been as big a deal if I didn't spend an hour going to another really busy urgent care that decided my two insurance cards weren't good enough to admit me. Anyway, here I was, so I filled out all the paperwork and waited my turn..They called me and asked a few questions in the room and took some vitals. The lady doctor came in after about 30 more minutes and spent a fair amount of time checking me out and trying to decide what to give that might help. Granted she didn't know any of my history and this is an ongoing problem so she gave me a couple treatment options. Only one of them seemed slightly promising (for today) so I went with that until I can get back in to see my "regular" doc. They sent my prescription to the closest pharmacy automatically and I was free to go.  The treatment was not too bad and they have an imaging inside for Xrays but be aware if you need any other tests you're going to be driving around a lot. .Only other thing, I hate the parking in this place... either circle around a couple times or park by B of A and walk across the driveway. Yuk	2	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=RfgFszaxMo-o7X083bwL9A	Only good here are the doctors and the nurse. Specially Dr. Teo my favorite. .I have been going to this place since they opened. It used to be so good, customer service is very good, very friendly staff and you can call and make appointment without any problem. But now,  they changed the group and customer service is so bad after that. You call to make an appointment and the phone rings non stop and no one answer the phone. I have tried different times and no luck. Finally I have to walk in to make an appointment. I understand they are busy certain time, but almost whole day they don't pick up the phone. Front office not a friendly staff. Front office staff needs to be changed .Only good thing in the place is the doctors..April 28,2016 : My husband goes to this place too. Last week he called them so many times and no luck. Left msgs and no return. Finally he walked there to make an appointment. What is happening with this new group ?. We may have to move to another group soon.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=K4cRUftXSjNUFUeL3zM9FQ	Terrible, just terrible. Reminds me of why I don't bother going to see the doctors anymore. I went to go get an urgent care visit done, because that's what my insurance covers. I get there and they told me yes this will be urgent care. MISTAKE...they told me wrong. It was billed as a regular patient visit because they don't want their patients paying a high amount for the urgent care visits. Which I totally understand, but you should bill accordingly. What else has this place been lying about? I specifically asked them and they told me the wrong thing. I would have gotten a referral had I known, and waited to see the doctor another day. Then I proceed to call all the different numbers they give me. The insurance tells me no they don't see the coding as urgent care but the billing department says yes it is billed as urgent care. Who do I believe?! It wouldn't have happened in the first case if they had just told me to get my referral because it won't be billed as urgent care....Long story short: just go somewhere else, anywhere but here. I've never had such a bad experience with medical billing. They make me lose even more faith in our health care system. $156 for a visit where my doctor gave me a prescription that didn't even help me, went to a different doctor and had a better diagnosis and medication...isn't the American health care wonderful? It's just so unpredictable :)...one moment it can save your life and the next could totally screw you over financially..EDIT: forgot to mention that one of the workers here told me the person in charge would call me back after I explained my situation. Never called me back. :/	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HFQsj9QIHeFi2Fka-LPHRg	This is the first time I have EVER felt the need to write a negative review.  I have had multiple negative experiences over the last few years at this location.  I recommend going some place else if you are not feeling well.  Two times in the last year I have left this facility without feeling like I received any help for my symptoms. Do not waste your time here.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tT3nnhz8ko_h8YUl2ZuMPQ	I've only been coming here a short time, but have been very pleased with the staff and the attention I have received. I've never had a problem getting through on the phones and the staff and doctors have been extremely polite and responsive to my needs. I've read a lot of the negative reviews and a reoccurring theme seems to be that people are not getting the prescriptions they THINK they need. I even read several reviews where the people admitted they have a virus and were upset that the doctors did not prescribed them antibiotics. Good for the doctors! We should all take the time to educate ourselves. Antibiotics do not work on viruses!! We have been so accustomed with our doctors prescribing antibiotics for every little cough, wheeze or irritation we havethat when we don't get them we become upset. Well the reason we have so many antibiotic resistant bugs out there is because of the overuse of antibiotics. When they never should've been prescribed in the first place. Too many doctors out there still give their patients antibiotics when they don't need them, causing even further problems long-term, just to keep their patients happy and returning. These are greedy doctors and we should be thankful for the ones who actually follow sound medical practice.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HcSaA57N1GpInbuzAPN4aw	It's OK. They're pretty close to Walgreens pharmacy if you need to get anything after your visit. I like the fact that they are open extended hours. Thank you for your service.		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YLLVNYpmLjC4sv2xv5tqDA	The physicians, nurse practitioners, nurses and the rest of the staff are really nice and caring. Super knowledgeable doctors. Minimal wait.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=HqimBULdBfbkbRMBByG-Jw	Re: imaging... Tech was great. But John who makes the CDs apparently has far more important things to do than make them. After spending 3 hours getting a fracture diagnosed and running out of time, John said it would be 10-15 minutes to burn the CD. I said I really can't wait any more. I'll come back before you close as I was already quite late and in pain. He asked are you coming back today? You have to come back today before 5pm. I said yes, I'd be back to pick it up..When I dashed back 3 his later, he told the receptionist he needed to make it. Then told me oh no I have to be on site for them to burn it. Nope, not what he said and rather odd -- So why did he care if i was coming back the same day or not. Took 15 minutes plus my travel time. He also was rude contrary to everyone else in the facility. .Almost didn't go to this facility because of previous poor hoag service but was pleasantly surprised..... Until trying to get the CD..Customer service counts people!		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f-gyJ4GOA8-1xvzUtAvWvA	I have been to this office on three different occasions and am very that I have found Dr.Horng. He is very personable and an attentive listener. He directly addresses the concerns that you came in with. Dr. Horng has excellent bed side manners and is cool as a cucumber when I am a nervous wreck. I appreciate how he takes the time to call me personally to follow up with certain concerns or conversations we had just so that there are is no miscommunication or additional questions. .I have had to had my blood drawn twice in this facility and have had zero problems with any of the nurses. They do a great job and don't poke me a million times like I've experienced in the past..If you are looking for a new physician I highly recommend Dr.Horng!	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7oLXJ8HqlKSLAVx_D7ilvw	Found this place through my insurance network to try to get a blood test done since I need to be monitoring my liver conditions. The staff on the phone was not friendly and had a condescending attitude. When asked for my insurance type, I didn't have it on me and the lady just said "Well, wherever you go you'd need that." I found this place because it was listed under places I could go for my type of insurance coverage, and I've gone to other places who would check my insurance ID to see which type of insurance I have rather than talking me with "Well...blah blah blah." She didn't have proper phone etiquette and waited for me to say bye to hang up the phone immediately. The doctors here may be good, but I will never know because the staff was so unwelcoming that I'm going somewhere else.	2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nJHMG5rE8LZREu_Fg_hBpg	Be sure to take the negative reviews of this place with a grain of salt. I've been coming to visit Dr. Horng for four years now. I looked at their Yelp page for the first time today and was surprised to see such low reviews..In my time with Woodbury Medical Group I've enjoyed the welcoming staff, clean environment and my physician Dr. Felix Horng. Dr. Horng has been very knowledgeable with various ailments I've faced over the years and each has been successfully treated. It is clear that he has a genuine interest in focusing on long term wellness instead of just prescribing anything to get me out of the way.  This is one of the main reasons I've been with him for so long..In regards to the office, they are especially advanced technology wise. Communications are electronic including test results, appointment communications, etc. Also prescriptions are sent electronically to your Pharmacy so they get there ASAP..The only knock I would have is at times it's clear that they can be stretched a little thin and are looking to diagnose and move on to help the next patient. But in regards to the negative reviews... You should really take into account that these doctors are probably seeing well over thousands of patients per year. That means from time to time. They will have a bad day. And they will make a mistake. They are people. And for those reviews that actually attack specific doctors personally... Come on. How would you feel if the people you interact with reviewed you negatively and made it personal not job related. .Give them a try peeps and stop judging them because you spent 5 minutes WebMDing yourself and think you know what's up! Hahah	6 5 4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CrlvAuwfGeJSxX00dPaF8g	Excellent service, easy in easy out.  I walked in with no appointments and end to end process was convenient and efficient.  It took me a total of 60 mins from coming in to walking out with complete diagnosis and prescriptions ordered.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OaeVvyrlP4EcHsJlrIR3Eg	I chose this center and Dr. Horng as my primary care physician back in 2010 based on the good yelp reviews this place had.  I was a bit discouraged to see that since then their yelp rating has gone down significantly.  .I went in today to see Dr. Horng for my annual checkup and blood work.  My appointment was at 10am and I was called into the exam room by 10:05am..Dr. Horng is still one of the best physicians I've had.  He listens well and is willing to order up lab work as long as there is a justified medical condition..I understand that my positive experience here will differ with others that have had a negative one.  No one likes waiting around in the doctors office, but with how the American health care system is setup, doctors these days have to see a lot of patients.  The later in the day the appointment, the more likely there will be delays.  That's the nature of the beast.	3 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uSvXApPaLzuvv4lES5yIdg	Came in early as a walk-in because no appointments were available.  The front desk staff tried to discourage me from staying because there were 5 patients ahead of me with appointments.  When I told her I'll stay to see the doctor she wasn't very happy.  Just sitting in the waiting room listening to the staff's phone etiquette, there needs to be a change in professionalism.	4 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=WawxHfpdD_reIdliQLNE4A	Dr. Horng is a wonderful physician. He really listened to my personal and health related concerns.  My only regret is that I did not find him sooner. On the other hand, his staff could be better. They seem to be  disorganized and the front desk lady was quite unapproachable especially when it gets a bit busy. .They are prompt with getting you into the exam room especially when you have an appointment.	2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=9bKKRUgGYiepNtnsi-z0tw	I came to the urgent care for lower back pain.  Within 15 minutes, I had filled out the new patient forms and was in an exam room. I was very pleased with the exam Dr. Witt gave me. She also gave me a follow up phone call dude days later to see how I was doing, I thought that was really nice.  We will definitely come back here for GP services.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=R5OASoj5J1Hw5ULWovL4zg	I have to say...I agree completely with Joseph F. and Mana N.! I moved here two years ago and feel soo...fortunate to have such excellent physicians just around the corner! Every physician is absolutely phenomenal without a question! Like Mana, I too should have frequent flyer miles! My kids LOVE...Dr.Horng and Dr.Luh more than the world and this is a mind blower because most kids don't feel very comfortable with seeing the doctor! Mine do! LOL! .I have NEVER waited long in the waiting room! NEVER waited long for test results or for the doctor to contact me! The facility is very clean! The nurses are adorable and fun and the front desk crew has great service! .I highly recommend visiting this Medical Group! Things happen folks! Life isn't ALWAYS PERFECT, though we wish it could be!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=L00uh3O9IBQ6gNeqiHhlVA	don't come here if you're looking for a doctor to give you a prescription. i had a cold and bad cough and was hoping to get some antibiotics over the weekend, but i wasted my time coming here. i should've learned from my friend who took her son here dying of a cough, and they still did not give him any prescription! so i went to another urgent care in irvine, where the doctor was nice and more helpful. she also wrote me a prescription "just in case", which I'm glad because i got a lot worse. i was able to take the medicine and now i am so much better! i had the worse choking cough and green flem infection. my normal doctor usually gives me zpac but she was on vacation.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=y3VYs63lDS2AD9TNLQSirw	Doctors seem ok. Come EARLY to get blood drawn or face a long wait time. Pissy attitudes if you don't follow ALL the directions, or just plain pissy medical assistants. Also Good luck not getting hung up on when Deane answers the phone. Excessive waits on refill prescriptions, you have to waste a lot of time to follow up, leave messages, talk to people, get hung up on, go online, and still no progress for a week in which it still hasn't been filled. THANKS for literally nothing!! Maybe convenience isn't worth it!	2 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cYOXW-PQwp3lQ5ewmsy_DQ	Horrible customer service! I came into the imaging center for a copy of my ultra sound and I had an appointment at 1:15 in Orange and I explained I needed to be there in 15 minutes and no one seemed to care or have any urgency. I had called three hours prior to let them know I would be coming in to pick them up and nothing was ready!	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4Npl1K0DoR2lrqymsmDvYQ	I am really puzzled how this place can have negative reviews. I have gone in on several occasions there is never a wait and the staff is always friendly. I've never had to wait longer than 15 mins to get seen by a doctor or nurse practitioner. Just went in recently because I started having a bad cough. The doctor was awesome, he made me feel comfortable listened to all my symptoms and prescribed me a 5 day Z-PAC. He also immediately called in the prescription. Whole process from start to finish took 30 mins. Once I got the meds I started feeling better immediately. I'm really happy it's so close to my home. Hopefully won't need to go back any time soon but if I do get sick I will no doubt go back.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=II_EorS1cIKuGSY_YR6-2g	I've always had a good experience here.  Check in process is fast and efficient, I rarely have to wait more than 15 minutes before being taking back to see a doctor and once back the doctor is there pretty quickly.  On site they have imaging machines (came in very handy when my son broke his arm) and meds are sent electronically to your pharmacy.  It's the best urgent care I've been too and I go here instead of any of the ones near my office.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U16LD-yec5f8bPcK9-nZhw	I am a 60 year old male, I hate going to doctors and especially clinics, I have been lucky and blessed enough to have good health. I went in yesterday (04/11/16) with a bad cold and bronchitis. After all the paperwork, they had me in the back within 10 minutes. After the nurse got finished, I was lucky enough to get that awesome Nurse Practitioner that was educated in Washington. She asked all the right questions, took the time needed for a proper consult, was pleasant and I have to say, after this, give me a Hoag N.P. EVERY damn time! I was as impressed as I have ever been in my life with ANY Healthcare Professional!.Healthcare in America may be going down the toilet, but NOT here!.Thanks,.Dan	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=d0AMOvtguHv1nYxb9mYf5A	I have been here for my yearly checkup, as my primary care physician is here - Dr. Teo is great. The staff I encountered were great. Anyways, this review isn't for that. .I have been seeing a specialist for about 6 months now, and I've been getting blood work done so she can track my progress. She is part of Hoag, but she's located over at the Hoag hospital down the street near the 405 freeway. Regardless, she's still part of Hoag. Within the past 6 months, this doctor has request for me to get blood work done 4 times, and those 4 times I have gone here to get it done.  All 4 times, I bring my necessary paperwork, and I am usually in the chair getting my blood drawn within 10-15 minutes - even with 5 people in front of me. That wasn't the case this past weekend though. .I come at ~8:10 AM and there are 2 other people there. Ok cool. I give the lady at the front desk my paperwork and tell her I'm here to get blood work done. Within 10 minutes, the other 2 people are called in. I then wait another 25 minutes. Nothing. I get antsy now, only because I need to be over by John Wayne at 9. I ask front desk lady how much longer it would take and she tells me they're almost done because they needed to check with my doctor about paperwork stuff. I have no idea what needed to be checked since I had been here before for blood work 4 times before, all ordered by same doctor. I had never had this issue before - them needing to "check" whatever it was, and having to wait for nearly 40 minutes. .The only upside would be that you can get your blood work done on a Sunday, whereas Quest or other labs would be closed on a Sunday.	3 5 5	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XTdkHB1Pp-P0E-4_trGZxg	I am APPALLED at the way I was treated by the nurse, Crystal Mullen today. I have direct doctors orders to follow up BY PHONE, a week after my visit for a follow up whether I need further antibiotics or not for a skin virus I have. I received a phone call earlier and missed it, unable to reconnect via the phone I walked in to get a refill request. I was confronted with a rude nurse who refused to even talk to a doctor or manager on staff because she wanted me to pay for an additional visit. She went against the medical plan my doctor had originally laid out for me, and instructed me that they would be unable to treat me or help me because I would not pay an additional $100 for a visit. This is what you call unprofessional, and someone who wants to feel like a doctor when they are simply a nurse. Way to go HOAG, you don't even know the reviews I'm going to leave or the distance I am going to take this. I had to leave your office today with infected boils on my face, so thank you. .DISGUSTED BY CRYSTAL MULLEN, KIM WRIGHT.	6 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0FrKQjYU4_ODnYIWAPsUwg	Dr Teo is the best. I, my wife, and my daughter are all of her patients, I completely trust her with all decisions she makes on my families care. She is always in a great mood and pretty much lays it on the line how it is. I am a cancer survivor and my health care is very complex, it seems that she understands what a cancer patient truly endures during and after chemotherapy, life has not been easy after chemo, it is worse than the cancer itself. Physically, emotionally cancer rips right through you.She has supported me through this whole process, I am very grateful to her and her kind nurses for the last 2 years.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=f6Q0Qd3c-2sVAsW-_79UMw	I have been a patient here for 10 years. I LOVE Dr. Teo. She is an excellent doctor with a calming bedside manor and sage advice. Unfortunately the support staff, nurses and back office are the worst and have driven us away. We have had billing challenges and refill challenges to the point that we have had to go down to the office multiple times to get results. Don't bother leaving messages. You will never get a call. We moved from Irvine to Mission Viejo and I have been driving down to see Dr. Teo but this last battle to get a prescription for a simple medication is the last straw.	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YbIiRCmw9mfuEpHPx95dCA	When you come here don't ask for Dr Felix Hong MD or Alexis Guzman MD they don't know what they are talking about and know nothing about dealing with patients..I came here before 5 days for fever and throat pain and asked him to swipe  my throat to check if I have infection, they said you don't need it this is just virus and it will take one week to get better I told I know what happen when this happen to me there is infection for sure at that time he gave me the doctor smile and the look that I know what I am talking about so I left..And the next three days where my worst three days of my life fever 40c and throat pain I couldn't eat and I was in bed for these day couldn't move, then I return back and I have to pay the co pay again and I saw dr Moly and she was nice at least she listened to me and when she saw my throat she said it is really red and we have to do the swipe, and guess what, there was infection and she gave me antibiotic for 10 day so these 2 (doctors) made me lose  three days of my life..I am calling them back and I want my first visit co pay back even if they have to deduct it from their salaries..My appreciation to dr Moly but I thinks he did her job write and this one star is for her and for them nothing.	3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7RNgr4xn9bXJIRbYh8RUng	I wish i could give ZERO stars. Or negative stars!!.We were young parents, and our first born was always sick.  We started taking our 2 year-old to FELIX HOANG..Every single time we went there because he had flu like symptoms,  felix would diagnose our son as "sick" and prescribed amoxcillin- every single time!.We continued going until he was four (again we were young. .we didn't think to get a second opinion).And we probably were there once a month with our son.  He was always sick and then finally,  felix said I'll up the strength of the amoxicillin  .i was kind of freaked out...but hes the dr. He should know better. ...well. . my son had an allergic reaction and broke out into hives,  so we took him to the ER, and the ER doctor said,  with his history of taking amoxicillin so much , so long , my son is now allergic and can never take it again. . Great.  Thanks a lot felix... and then,  the ER doctor also said, by the way,  after hearing your sons symptoms i recommend having you take your son to the ear nose throat doctor, he has adult size tonsils,  which keeps any bacteria in that zone which causes him to have earaches and those flu like symptoms....We immediately made an appt at choc, ENT, confirmed our son should get tonsils removed, and he did,  and since then until now. ..or son has never been sick like he used to again. ..really, felix, wtf, what kind of doctor are you ... freaking 2 years and an allergy to penicillin and you couldn't see it was his over sized tonsils. You mother f..So be careful parents. . Felix is clearly a drug pusher, and definitely does not have your child's best interest at heart. ...Again. .my son was 2yrs old when felix started prescribing amoxicillin. ...we should have been smarter parents. .but i hope i can help anyone else with this review.Go else where	8 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mVPmTByuqfwsPL8NuiNeLQ	Staff is welcoming here and the doctors are great. It's a hit and miss if you will be taken in hastily or slow. Doctors do take there time to examine patients as they should and always ask answer our questions and concerns. .I would give it a 5 star if parking wasn't so crammed.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eX-5VpEyiMI504l5DhMO-A	Last time I went to see Dr Lu have to wait for 30 minutes because they were running late on patients.  I had an appointment today and was 15 min late as it was hard for me to get out early from meeting. What did they do ? Told me that I am very late so need to come back some other time. Very very disappointing act unless you want an as&ho$ as you primary doc  .. Stay Away.  Is waiting only for patient  I may ask DR Lu ?	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=D3UzssZaD8DPnaH19JPklw	Dr Bena Teo has been my PCP for the past year. I am so happy to have found her. She is thorough with her care, explains everything she does and listens very well to all my concerns. I am very comfortable when talking to her and I feel like she genuinely cares for her patients. The office staff is very helpful and professional, even when things look very busy behind the front desk.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0v8zj8zH0ymV3OgW7a68RA	I love having the convenience of a Walk In Clinic so close by.  For non-emergency issues that require medical attention, you don't need to take off work, just walk in in the evenings or on a Saturday.  The staff is all very friendly and helpful.  I could not ask for more!  Plus they accept insurance!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=NHr0Fjs6PolmIqxoc0roNg	I went in to see Dr Robert Chang.  He was just okay.  However, I felt like he wanted to leave the room right away when he finished checking my body out.  I felt like he was annoyed by my additional questions and I wanted him to write me a OTC drug on a prescription so I can do Flex Spending and he pretended not to understand why it was necessary.   I told him that I can't do Flex Spending on Advil if he doesn't write me a doctor prescription. His attitude changed from being annoyed to being mean and wanted to leave the room.  Come on Dr Robert Chang I already paid you guys a lot of money for you to just see me for 5 mins.	2 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eBPZX_J3FvmpYbl6GdJjIw	Never again! The front receptionist is not friendly. The wait was very long. And there was a patient that was yelling out while coming out to the waiting area and it took a few minutes for someone from their staff to address it.  Rather just drive a little further down to another location.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=JAw9kr_w7AdluEO1Pr68OQ	I'm surprised at the negative reviews, I've been coming here for years and never had any issues.  Sometimes during the winter, wait times are long for urgent care but that's normal anywhere.  .They recently switched to become a Hoag facility so I think that's what some of the challenges were as they transitioned.  I recently went in for a scheduled appointment with Dr Teo and she is always great.  I needed to get something that was causing me pain checked out that she confirmed wasn't a major issue, but gave me an order for a follow up lab test just in case the pain didn't subside in a few weeks.  I appreciated that so I wouldn't need to return back..I waited less than 5 minutes before being taken to the back and the nurse was nice that saw me and the doctor came in a few minutes after her.  I was in and out in 30 minutes!  I'll continue to come here for my primary care.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=S5VwOZR9ISDgVBZ7Kl4VNA	Again, having trouble getting through to my PCP. Been calling for the past two plus weeks trying to get orders set up prior to my annual check up. Both times the front office staff reassured me that the message would be passed on. Checked my patient portal and still no orders or any updates. Tried calling twice today - and no one even picks up the phone. Is this practice still open?	3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=DpKBupB8p5Gr67rCPzGQ9Q	They care more about protecting themselves from liability than either the quality of their patient care, or the quality of their medical staff..Had a terrible experience here. Poor calibre of doctors, and they make you sign more waivers than any other urgent care or medical center I have ever been to. .Plenty of other good options. I have only had bad experiences from the Hoag group.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=STcr_UbBmutcYXxH9TEUNg	I, too, am surprised at the reviews for Woodbury Medical because I've been a patient here for years and have had zero issues.  I've even taken my children here for flu shots and school vaccinations also with zero problems in the process.  Their visits are always quick in and quick out.  My kids also have a separate pediatrician, mind you, but prior to finding their peds doc, I took them here for a yearly physical and again, excellent care.  The appointment process, I find, is also quick and easy--I'll either call or use their NextGen (NextMD) Patient Portal online service..The doctors my children and I have seen are Dr. Teo and Dr. Horng.  Dr. Teo is my primary care physician but since my insurance will allow me to see other doctors in the practice, I'll go to either of the two and BOTH have been excellent.  I can't speak to the other doctors and as there are reviews on others--I can't completely comment..Every time I'm here, I receive quality care, diagnosis, and explanation of what's going on and why I'm receiving the meds they're prescribing.  Then, the script is emailed to the pharmacy of my choice for me and by the time I drive there, it's pretty much filled.  Dr's Teo and Horng get an A+++ in my book and I wouldn't go elsewhere.	4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rl2_WXGgmpxLbmD5pyBhMw	Monday AM, I was a walk in, the lobby was packed. Yet I only had to wait 15 min. They work efficiently and everyone got served (except those with insurance problems). I was able to get in and get out.  THIS PLACE IS HOW MEDICAL OFFICES SHOULD ALL BE RUN!  There is a Spirit of Excellence in this Place.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E8xl4TiIivF4I30GtqvDqQ	The doctors and most nurses are good here but one of the nurses is very rude and her name is Sareth. I have been helping my friend to make appointments a few times as my friend doesn't speak any English. Every time was fine except this Sareth.  She said she can not make appointment without the client over the phone with me.  I mean I did not asking anything but an appointment.  Why is she giving me a hard time? Also she asked my name and I gave it to her and I asked her name a few times she did not want to give it to me.  Anyways, I am not mad just a little bit sad...	1	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Pm9DUJLcB7odXcmI-fcIWw	2 hour wait and counting....grossly understaffed. This will be our last visit here. If you're gonna have an urgent care you need to staff it appropriately. Would have left but they already collected our copay and won't refund us.	2 2 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bznCvgLI3hpHHIh25cX0zg	I have been going to Woodbury Medical Group (Now Hoag), for the past 8 years. I have always had a good experience, but in particular with Dr. Felix Horng. He has always been great and I will keep coming back.	1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=FZshSTm1eJPcGSqf3eah6A	I've been here a number of times since it has opened. (at least 7 times) and 3 of those times were due to the same illness that the "doctor" misdiagnosed. I've never had that problem at other walk-ins but I've consistently came here due to the distance..The doctor advised that I had gaul stones.... I'm less than 20 years old, I am really healthy... why would I have gaul stones? So because I was in so much pain, I decided I'd just test for it... It came up negative. I just don't know why I paid for a lab fee for something that even the "doctor" called improbable. I don't think they're real doctors, there, if I am correct, they're not even MDs. .would NOT recommend..	25 9 5	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=SgEKI45dzwYotlIScCh9Xw	Gets worse after each visit. Nurses lost my sons urine samples. It took three office visit to handle this. I wonder if they are just trying to make ends meet from charging co-pay. The nurses here are very rude and short with you when you ask questions.  The front staff corrected me on something i had said and made me feel like an idiot. Called back to complain the office manager hung up on me.  I just hope your experience is not the same. Convenience? Not if you hate to go to this office..Don't recommend this place any longer. Put try it out yourself.  Make sure you write a review however your experience is.	5 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wTobQR9asyd3rlVOSu98CA	I should have a frequent flyer pass for this place. I don't know how I end up coming here so often but any little hiccup that comes up in life I find myself in the waiting room. .I've had experiences with 4 different doctors over the years and a handful of nurses. From getting routine vaccines, check-ups, X-rays, and visits for other random health problems everyone has been super sweet and accurate in their diagnoses and treatments. Dr. Luh is my favorite. .They send over prescriptions electronically and I really like that, and are really prompt about their refill services. Every time I've had labs sent in they've called me back 2 days later with my results and doctors have spoken to me on the phone every time. .The only negative is that sometimes the wait takes a while for the doctor to come and see you but honestly I'll gladly take that for the services rendered here. It gives me great piece of mind to know I have this place so close-by.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GEyooMxWf-3Dyebhs3MhgA	DO NOT COME HERE!!!!!!!!!!! .We came here because my husband got an infection on one of his legs, right below his right knee. He fell down almost 2 weeks ago. He felt the infection a week later. Obviously the cut was dry already. Doctor A. Brewer, Do insisted on giving him an antibiotic cream. Even assured my husband that it's stronger than over the counter antibiotic cream, Neosporin. We had applied Neosporin already when he got his cut. She continued saying that it would penetrate through his skin. She suggested to come back in 2 days if it didn't work. Is she kidding????? He would have ended up in the ER. This doctor is completely incompetent!!! How on earth could she become a doctor when she couldn't even diagnose the simplest thing???? .My husband applied the cream and went to work the next day. When he came home the swelling has doubled and it's very very red, he could barely walk. I'm so pissed at this doctor. Should have gone to another urgent care the very same night. Even if you live closer to this center, I would recommend you to go to another urgent care center. If not, do not consult with this doctor. .Make a long story short, we went to a doctor the next day and she was very shocked that Dr. A Brewer Do has prescribed him an antibiotic cream. She said obviously the leg was deeply infected. She asked him to elevate his foot and not to go to work for at least a week. Need to go back tomorrow for a follow up visit. Obviously this doctor gave him an antibiotic pills to take.	4 2 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=B4AKXnlMed14BxducGS_Kg	Usually medical places give me the creeps, but this place is nice and new, so I felt at ease when I've come here. .The last time I came here, I was getting an X-ray on my foot done. The room was huge and just seemed so futuristic. The X-ray tech put me at ease. I guess he could sense my apprehension. .In a way, I kind of felt like a lab rat. Having a feeling of uncertainty just makes your mind go in many different directions. .Fortunately, my foot was OK. Nothing broken or anything. Friendly staff and I didn't have to wait to be seen.	7 5 3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=OPQFWts5EHTl4hGnqfGSbw	Wait time takes forever.  Look at waiting 30 minutes in the waiting room (even when no one is in the waiting room), then another 30 minutes on the bed waiting for the doctor.  Then another 30 minutes for the doctor to return with a prescription or instructions.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oW6ZKzXpygrr1QqU_BDjGw	This is a great medical office! The (3 regular staffed) doctors are all appreciatively approachable, professional, and knowledgeable; they take the time to patiently listen, and have never made me feel rushed or incompetent..The wait time has improved; I haven't been kept waiting an exceptionally long time, especially when I have an appointment. The young front desk staff (some more than others) are pleasant and impressively professional. I'm glad they'd switched to using removable labels when one signs in vs. simply crossing off the names on a list, leaving the patients' names and birthdates for all to see..Unlike the doctors, the majority of nurses don't seem to have the same pleasant (rarely a smile) and professional qualities and appearances that you'd think the doctors would want to represent their office -- except for one (Ramona is the best!)..I love that this medical group is affiliated with Hoag Hospital, that it's a walk-in practice, has onsite X-rays, and is clean. I'm comfortable here.	3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ip29WMK0rtDUuUHW3AMdkg	Although the actual doctors and nurses at this practice are good, the front desk staff make the experience incredibly unpleasant. In the hour I spent waiting for them to process my file, I saw them bring two patients to tears. One in particular was very upsetting. The practice cancelled this woman's appointment, but they did not contact her. So she and her husband took off work and showed up at the appropriate time. The two young girls at the front told her that she should have been called and that she will need to reschedule for another time, probably not for another week or so. After some heated discussion (no apologies of any sort) the patient left. The girl at the front asked her co-worker if she should put her in as a no-show, which would create a fine. I don't know how that was eventually settled, but it obviously was completely unprofessional and incompetent..In my situation, I inquired after an hour of waiting if they could let me know where I was in the line up. The front desk staff answered, "I'm about to make a phone call." When I didn't sit down and continued to look at her, she then asked, "Does that answer your question?" Really??? So when I told her no, she sighed loudly, slammed the phone down and proceeded to work on a different file. The other girl at the desk finally acknowledged my existence, processed my file, and I was seen 7 minutes later..What a complete nightmare! All of the doctors and nurses have really been great, but it's very difficult to want to go there when having to deal with such childish unprofessionalism.	19 3 4	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=49IuXhM90NYV5CLmqYADGA	I saw Dr. Luh for my visits (physical exam, flu).Dr.Luh was friendly and informative. I'll give him 4 stars. .FNP was very professional and nice..Front office staffs were fairly welcoming and friendly. .That's all the positive things I can say about this place so far. .Now the negative experience I had:.Dr. Luh's assistant (I know her name but I won't mention it on Yelp) was so rude and incompetent and unhelpful. She gave me such an unpleasant experience with this place. I ask her a question, she does not even respond back until I ask for the 2nd time. She makes patients feel very ignored..I had physical exam forms for Dr. Luh to fill out for my school. .I dropped off my form 1 week ago with all my immunization records. .I saw front office staffs copying and scanning my immunization records. .However, 3 days later I dropped off my form, Dr. Luh's assistant gives me an unfriendly phone call saying she won't be able to fill out my form unless she has my immunization records. I repeated at least 3 times to her that I already dropped them off there and I even saw front office people scanning them. After repeating myself so many times, Dr.Luh's assistnat finally listened and told me that she will check with front office people. I could not trust her words anymore so I went back to their office same day and had one of the nurses copy my immunization records AGAIN..After 1 week, I went back to get my forms back and they were still not ready and they had me wait at least 40 minutes long saying Dr. Luh was with patient so it is taking longer. .But guess what? .Dr.Luh did not even sign any of the forms. .Dr.Luh's very unfriendly and incompetent assistant filled out my forms with so many blanks that I had to pinpoint to front office people to fix them. so yes I basically did her work for her. .and for my immunization records? all she did was just PHOTOCOPYING THE RECORDS I GAVE THEM. wow so it makes no sense that it took that long for the forms to be completed..I still had to pay $15 form fee (which that lady did not forget to mention, of course ) when I honestly feel like the form was basically filled out by myself for the most part. .I guess you can have one of those days and she probably was having one of those days. However, if you work at medical office, you need to learn how to keep yourself professional no matter what.	5 1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=mcddLNaPy2u_byNzcWszkA	I am surprised by some of the negative reviews for this place because I never had a bad experience. The staff I've dealt with were nice and prompt, except for this one person but I don't think she works there anymore. .My primary physician is Dr. Bena Teo and she is the best. I always make an appointment to see her and never have to wait longer than 15 mins. She is very thorough and has great bedside manner. Whenever I need a follow up from her, she responses very quickly. My husband also thinks she's great and has no complaints. For those seeking a new physician, I highly recommend Dr. Teo.	5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wucy6stQAKlzKR5hKKDLig	I come here to see Dr. Luh.  The facility is nice and clean and they have their own lab and imaging built-in I think so you don't have to go to another facility to get that stuff done..The waits usually aren't bad, maybe ~10-15 minutes or so.  .My doc, Dr. Luh records everything on his laptop and can send perscriptions directly to your pharmacy electronically, so its pretty easy and painless, just go and pick it up..Efficient workflow in general, the wait times have been minimal, so I'm happy.	6 2 3	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T4Gk3IZPzM1ieN1jLkAXWw	Customer service rating...below average for Dr Stephen Luh at Woodbury Medical.  Wish I would have looked at reviews before scheduling appt.  .Would not recommend!!	5 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=LPku6vSOIIVLdqePJnK2-w	I have been to this Urgent Care twice in the last year. Recently I visited and Jessica at the front desk was awesome! The wait was not too bad. The staff was really nice. The doctor was professional and efficient. I had a sinus infection and got in/out reasonably quickly event though there were five people ahead of me. I live nearby in Woodbury and am happy to have such a great urgent care nearby.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6TRFhg957xTviX7eCwy5PQ	The facility is nice if you can find it. Apparently, finding the "Woodbury Medical Group" inside a building labeled "HOAG health center" is suppose to be intuitive. Guess they expect you to have hawk eyes and see the microscript printed on the windows from your car. .I was seen on time, and he answered maybe a handful of questions for about a 5 minute visit for a long-standing upper respiratory infection, and sent me out on my way feeling like it was a complete waste of time. No substantial testing was done, nor any relevant information given aside from generalized consolation statements.	12 4 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=zKkonCPUPGB3tLZArOTs6Q	Amazing Doctors. but the WORST service. The front desk is useless. If you need to ask certain questions or you have concerns , you will never get answers. They are rude and insensetiive.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7MYkD7RcQSLesGtDitEr9g	I'm reading the negative reviews and I have to say I'm not that surprised.  The last time here was around Christmas time.  I needed some anti-biotics.  It was suppose to be a quick and easy trip.  .Instead it turned into a one hour ordeal because after they took my urine sample test the staff forgot I was there.  I was left in the patient room for over 40 minutes. I heard doors open left and right and I thought I was going to get Dr. Luh but nothing.  No one knew I was in the room.  So when I complained they quickly gave me a rookie doctor.  The rookie didn't have any answers for the concerns I had and just said the anti-biotics should take care of it.  I asked him for the same anti-biotics Dr. Luh gave me last time.  He said ok and I thought everything was peachy after that..I went to Walgreens and it ended up being different anti-biotics.  So now I had to wait another 15 minutes at Walgreens for the pharmacist to call and clear things up.  The pharmacist at Walgreens is so nice and made correcting this mistake a top priority.  The last thing I need is to try new anti-biotics just to see what kind of affects it would have on me..As for the front office staff, everyone is pretty cold and indifferent.  I don't know what happened for this office to have this change in attitude.  It's not like a lot of patients are waiting in the waiting room.  Also while I was waiting I can hear patients complain to the front office staff about issues they've had.  So whatever is posted on Yelp isn't too far from what actually happens in the office..The nurses are still pretty nice..So reading some of the recent reviews I have to say I'm not surprised.  I hope they realize things aren't running smoothly anymore and they should start changing their attitudes and management.	3 3	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=VXnnSqfnPAOPxtJ6nHVjaQ	The administrative staff sucks.  They have many patients to see and hence their quality of service is absolutely crappy.  Its time these folks either consider improving their quality of service or soon they will keep losing their patients.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0x7s5SZLY19HY_9q2o0wTw	Went here last week for something that needed immediate care and I wasn't about to sit in the ER at Kaiser or Mission. .Took me back within five minutes, all the nurses are so nice. The physician, Dr. Horng, came in and discussed the issues and came up with a quick plan. I'm stitched up within the hour and out the door. .They also have a Hoag Imaging Suite on site, but it is separate from Woodbury Medical Group and the urgent care. .If you need immediate care for minor injuries or just quality family practice care, definitely check out Woodbury Medical Group.	9 3 4	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cGL8X9Yc5unt89Sxq_9htA	Don't come here if you need help in reasonable time. This is my second visit to this place in the span of 8 days.  Same experience both times.  Had to wait for an hour in the lobby and an hour in the room. So be prepared to wait around 2 hours. I would not come here again for urgent care..Oh by the way, I just spoke to a lady to check how much more time and she said this is how it will be all the time.	3 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kIq8SSSS_5KkZCw_xEmFaw	Called to make an appointment was on hold for 20 minutes called back went straight to hold again for another 10 minutes called back again recording states that person is not available.  Wow 30 minutes on hold and never spoke to anyone.	1 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vU43I3ekFbTXg67zUpRJrA	I tried very hard to think of something positive to say about this practice, but our experience was really just bad from start to finish. The physician was rude and condescending. We then received a bill that did not make sense. When I tried to contact their billing department, I waited almost one hour (54 minutes to be exact) to be connected before I gave up and hung up. I then called the practice directly. The office manager was absolutely rude. Last, their billing practices are questionable, at best. With all of the wonderful physicians in this area, you really don't need to settle by going here.	3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=4RN-K4FGdKuyQWch33ayNQ	I've been a patient since 2012, at my first couple of visits I thought the office was good and efficient, wait time was minimum. However, after a year, the staff changed and every time I go there something goes wrong. Wait time keeps getting worse, front desk messed up the paperwork and worse of all they charged my insurance when I didn't even come in for a doctor visit. Also the nurse poke me with a needle 3 times and still failed to draw any blood and I had to go to Quest Diagnostics where they got it the first time. Horrible experience!	2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nlowCDWvJBurOGGMXzjqHA	I've been back here twice in the last week to deal with a flu, cold, some unusual symptoms, and other junk that all hit me at once. Woe is me.*Insert sad violin music* Hahaa..I'm totally fine and I'm not dying of face cancer or any of the other 346097 things that Google search showed me I could be dying from..The doctors here are busy all the time because they take appointments AND walk-ins. I'm a jerk so I do walk-ins, hahaa. The "front desk experience" is quick and easy - no frustrations. There are usually about 5 nurses or assistants on staff at any given time. The hours here are so great for full time working folk, 8am-8pm and 8am-5pm on weekends?? Awesome..As far as individual doctors go, I've seen all three. Dr. Horng a year or two ago and Dr. Teo and Dr. Luh most recently. Of the three doctors I think I prefer Dr. Horng then Dr. Teo. They fit my personality and style of doctor-patient relationship a little more. I know it sounds a little kooky but it matters in terms of trust and when I am trying to explain something that is ambiguous to me (trying to remember all my symptoms, what happened when, etc.). .Anyway, my lab results came back within 3 business days and the call-back was courteous and helpful...The lab results came normal but I'm annoying so I asked what I could do to speed up recovery or what I should do if my symptoms are still around for another week. .The assistant on the phone was very professional and said she would ask the doctor and get back to me within the day. She kept her word and I received a call back AND a decongestant prescription. I didn't take the prescription though because I wanted my body to fight off such a minor symptom. .I'll definitely come back here in the future. But hopefully I will never have to.	13 6 5	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0_YrpS-cX0czpX3Kp0Eqyg	I brought my daughter here, and I wish I could just skip my regular pediatrician and go here.  Quick, friendly, and competent..The Dr. came in with a laptop and went to work on my daughter.  She made her diagnosis and immediately ordered in the prescription to our CVS..It was great service.   By the time we got back to our CVS, the prescription was ready..This is so much easier than sitting in a room full of sick kids with annoying Barney blasting on the TV.	6 4 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cIq0qtRYUSD_cCegliQhag	In and out in less than an hour :).Called to schedule an appointment as a new patient and got in the next week. Lisa at the desk was very friendly, helpful and competent. I mentioned I wanted to schedule an appointment for my husband, and she remembered to ask me after all my paperwork was completed. 95% of the time, someone else would've forgotten..Dr. Teo was quick and efficient, answered all of my questions and after asking if she could, even made suggestions for a new type of prescription which wouldn't have as high a risk factor for blood clots as my current prescription. Brownie points, yes..To help me remember everything we talked about during my exam, she printed out instructions/summary, sent my Rx electronically to my pharmacy of choice and gave me the option to sign up for NextMD so I can schedule appointments online, get info and/or test results via email, etc. Nice!.Parking was easy, too - with this being my first visit here, I'm glad to say I'll definitely be coming back. .P.S. All the associates in the back were friendly, too!! Thanks to the entire staff here for making me feel so welcome :)		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=t1IhqrnB_-ao5Ndc7oCerA	This is a highly efficient and caring practice.  I arrived this morning a few minutes prior to my 9:00 appointment for an annual physical.  Dr Horng spent about 20 minutes with me, gave me a complete physical, refilled all my prescriptions  and I was out the door at 9:30 with all my questions answered.  I wish all doctor's offices were run as well as this one.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wMVTAbrWGGAdF7kSjk8Isg	Had to take my son here for an antibiotic injection.  The front desk girls are useless.  They need to drink a monster or red bull.  The dr we saw was good and so were the nurses.  And I really like that its close to my house and takes Blue Cross Blue Shield PPO.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wrw0cRUqgob6J0xk7JqtYg	Pros:.Dr Bita was very knowledgeable, she explained in detail what was wrong with me and prescribed two medications on the spot. She typed them into her laptop and they were waiting for me when I got to the pharmacy. .The nurses use Ipads to type in your preliminary information which is cool..Cons: The wait was 40 minutes in the back room, 20 out front. You could also hear all the staff laughing and giggling while you are waiting which I thought was extremely unprofessional. .I had also been there before, yet they couldnt find a record of me and I had to fill out all new paperwork.	1 2	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=065fP50CsjPmPfEODmHiNw	I had no problem here, everyone was very helpful and prompt. It's a walk in medical facility, expect to wait. I read other reviews were people were complaining about waiting....go to the ER if it's an emergency! A lot of entitled people fill the OC, maybe they need to go to LA and see what a mess a walk in clinic can REALLY be. This place is very clean, very professional and the doctors are VERY good. You want faster service, go to the ER....and you'll wait there too.	2 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=CgYBpd3TTNFpyKIsj1cYFg	Being that I live in the area, despite past issues I have had, I do find that they get better with every visit. Yes, there is a waiting time usually, but after that I have overall been happy with the quality of the doctors, although it can be a little hit or miss. I will keep monitoring and keep changing my rating if things there change..-----------------------------------------------.Below is a review that I posted sometime ago, but since then I have had the opportunity to use their facilities again and things seem improved. There is still a long wait if you don't have an appointment, so I can't give it more than 3-stars, but I feel the medical care I have had here has been adequate..-----------------------------------------------.I have gone here with my kids in the past and have received acceptable care. Unfortunately, my wife went there today and waited almost two hours to be able to get an x-ray - for which she never received because she was told she would have to wait another 30 minutes. When I called in advance they said that the x-ray "imaging center" is open during their hours and are just next door, but for some reason they couldn't "find the key" to open up the center. The front office didn't even apologize when my wife said she would come back tomorrow - which she won't. It's very unfortunate that anyone who needs medical care should have to deal with such a wait - and attitude.	2 1 1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZlJi8A2ZmsBvCXywH9P_eA	I'm updating and knocking It down to 3 stars. I still love dr. Horng but I have called twice now in pain without receiving a timely response back. The first time I called I told them I was in horrible pain and could not even walk and thought it may be a side effect from new meds. Nobody called me back until the next day. Even then, I spoke to an assistant who could offer me no advice, not a doctor. When I asked if I could take over the counter meds to deal with the pain, she also could not help and told me to send a message to the doctor because he is out of office. Sent a message to the doctor early in the morning and by end of day, still no response. I wouldn't say any of this is dr. Horng's fault but I am in pain and can't get out of it because nobody will contact me.		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=TVsJgTWm2xvb3aw21hESIA	The doctors here are average. The wait time is long. The staff is very businesslike and not knowledgeable. They are Hoag so we continue to go.		3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qpZupx5lVGhzrSQfxqRRnQ	I hate this place. It's close and seemingly convenient, but you always have to wait FOREVER whether you have an appointment or not. The people who work at the front desk are kind and responsive, and the doctors seem fine. The nurses are not helpful/understanding, do not make you feel comfortable and actually make you feel stupid when you ask them questions. I will do everything I can to avoid coming here in the future.	4 2 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=q3hn4e2XkIq2AyDpISv9ng	The location is a bit hard to find but the staff is friendly and quick and the Doctors are great.  I had Dr Patel and she came in with her mini laptop, asked me some questions and checked me out.  I was in an out of the place within about 45 mins..I definitely want to come back for a physical but, unfortunately, the latest appointment they have is at 5 on weekdays.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=j-gBTgS-mlrx-Aft_T5Lvg	Doctors visits aren't usually something u look forward too..at this office, Dr. Horng is always a pleasure to see! Always reassuring, informative and thorough...the best!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=2sjHT0RNK8f0zG_uYJBqFA	dizzy/chest pain + ins. not on my person = take a hike...I went in told the receptionist that was Dizzy and had chest pains and didn't have my insurance card on me. I only live across the street but I was working when I started to feel this way. The receptionist basically told me to take a hike! I will never go back. The doctors may be amazing, but, I never made it that far. I'll just stick with family care walk in off of Culver.	1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XpZ62fpEZxIo5-mwecGrgw	ONly Convenient but i hate the front desk staff. THey are not helpful everytime i call they dont' know or they put me on hold forever. Whenever i need anything "THEY" can't help. I can never have 1 person draw blood it has to be 6 tries before someone can actually get blood from me! I can never get an early doctors appointment. No one calls me on my labs and i have to wait for ever to get them through the next md. So tired of this place i need to find a new doctor.	1 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nrtlRCShpezADhgo5Nzi9w	This is a great doctor's office. I have never had a long wait and it is very clean.  The doctor's have good bedside manner.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yU61Rt2l9AG4B-RWTe16VA	Nice facilities but front desk reception and staff is completely useless! I called in the afternoon to ask if they accept my instance and I was told they did. I offered I send in a copy of my license and insurance but was told that it would not be necessary. Walked into urgent care in pain , and the receptionist was so unpleasant. After completing my paperwork I was told that they cannot see me because I am "out of network" and they only accept patients in the Greater Newport physicians network! What a waste of 20 minutes! If they would have let me submit insurance early in the day as I wanted, I could have avoided going there completely!	5 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=iES0CCGkUTv2KvvIU5N-qg	My husband had an earache and went to the Woodbury Medical group He was misdiagnosed with something as simple as an ear infection. Dr Horng also FORGOT to call in a prescription so my husband was in pain for days. The he  went back for a followup visit, was charged again and was still was told there was no infection.Days later the pain was so bad and he had hearing loss so he went for a 3rd visit. The dr still couldn't diagnose a simple ear infection and sent him to a specialist. The specialist took one look at his ear and said it was a simple ear infection and prescribed an antibiotic. ...Done . Our insurance was  billed and co-payments still charged even with all these problems and failure to call in a prescription.. When I called to speak to the Dr about the charge he refused to answer my call or call me back. Not even a simple courtesy call. I guess he thought he was more important..RUN!!! don't go to this place. If an ear infection can't be diagnosed and an Rx cant be called into the drugstore what else can they be doing wrong..I have a follow up to this story...... Because the Dr failed to call in a prescription for an antibiotic the infection caused temporary hearing loss. The hearing loss was due to a fungus that developed in the ear. If antibiotics had been started sooner no fungus would have developed and no hearing loss. No need for a specialist. No huge medical bills..Stay away from this place.	3 3 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sBKarvzx1FCameu7A94opA	Great facility, clean, efficient.  Drive from Huntington Beach to see dr Luh.  Open on Saturdays with real doctors not nurse practitioners		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=s0x6BFGQz8xwLJRq-YbFIw	The Doctors are great, but staff and nurses are very unprofessional.  The nurse who took my blood pressure the first time was completely off.  Dr. Teo checked it the second time and got a completely different reading.  I always feel rushed whenever I come in.	1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=V82pSScoeQ9vddeZQWxPeQ	Going to the doctor's isn't by any means something I look forward to, but I would rather go to Woodbury Medical Group than any other doctor's office I've been to.  They make going to the doctor's as pleasant as the experience could be.  .The waiting room is clean and modern, and the wait is usually pretty reasonable:  I've never run into huge time issues when scheduling my appointments over my lunch break.  Everyone I've interacted with over the course of two years has always been both pleasant and respectful.  This includes the front desk staff, the doctors, and the nurses.  Even the substitute doctor filling in when Dr. Teo was on maternity leave was great..But that's not all:  I'm even more impressed with how thorough Dr. Teo is.  On multiple occasions, I have visited her for one reason, and she additionally noticed or helped with another issue.  She is able to pick up on other things because she takes the time to talk to patients about their current lifestyles and practices.  This is a refreshing change from the assembly line style of medical care I have grown accustomed to.  She is pleasant, professional, and good at putting patients at ease..Doctors keep records in digital format here, and it is customary for them to call/fax in prescriptions - convenient, and environmentally friendly!  Additional bonuses:  open on weekends, convenient hours, urgent care and walk-ins available.   For non urgent routine stuff, it can take a few weeks to get an appointment, though - so plan ahead.	11 4 5	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=r8K_otRpn0pWnhwL5pHcNA	I've been here twice now, both times I walked in without an appointment.  Today it took about an hour because it was a holiday but the nurse and doctor seemed nice enough. The place is welcoming and clean. The echoing effect in the wait room is a little annoying because you can hear everyone's conversations including the ones you probably shouldn't. Most importantly, the doctors i met with seemed confident. All in all, I'll be back next time I'm not well....or if I was misdiagnosed and have to come back lol.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bjrzRxt0acw9DX46Sbaz6A	I was in and out in 15 mins (on the weekend). Dr Teo knew what I needed right away, sent the prescription in during the consult so it was ready by the time I got to the pharmacy 5 mins later!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=qyE0oVpfhaHSTlxsvW0BLg	I went to Hoag Woodbury for years whenever I needed to be seen by a primary doctor. Dr Luh is an amazing doctor but the nurses there are just terrible. One time I went there for my annual physical exam and 3 people tried to draw my blood unsuccessfully. The first person poked me 3 times on one arm and left, a second person came and tried on the other arm. After a couple try I was getting furious. She left and another person walked in asking me to let her try. I called Dr Luh back in and told him how terrible they were and to just give me the blood work order for quest. Quest found my vein the first time. I still went to see Dr Luh after that but refrained from having the nurses did anything to me. A few months later I went back to see Dr Luh and they tried to talk me into having my blood drawn there except this time I told them No and quickly got out of there. Well that was last year and pretty much the last time I went there, I don't plan on going back !	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=z_AYuUzAgek3u5ds6l9X8w	If I could give a "zero" star I would. I have been to see this doctor twice; once to get a physical and once for a woman's checkup. I had just moved to Irvine so I thought having one doctor for all of it would be great and convenient. The checkups and physical facility were good. Doctor was nice and seemed decent. It wasn't until I got my bill when I really started to dislike this place..First off getting a hold of anyone to talk about bills is next to impossible. When you finally do, you can feel the distain in their voice. They do not want to help you and will do anything to get you off the phone. I spoke to Maria, and I really felt like she could care less. Her attitude was incredibly rude.  I am STILL dealing with a charge (after insurance) I never approved and am fighting bc it's a couple hundred dollars. I have never been for a checkup that required hundreds of dollars worth of tests. I looked at the filtered yelp reviews, and I see this is a constant problem. .I now have to write a letter to the medical board of California to report the problem. I really wish they would help take care of this issue, so it wouldn't have to come to this.	3 2 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=7jdHTRny77CfcaCt6WgZCA	I have been going here for 3 years now and have never had a bad experience. Dr. Teo is great and I make it a priority to see her from now on.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sFX-SJDSkT5w_wQLsLJYWw	(Note this is for their place on Sand Cyn).I can not believe what happened to me at this place. .The first incident happened when I went there with my kid to give him his immunization. The nurse was careless and when she tried to give him the immunization, the needle went through his arm and left a big scar in his arm. .The second is when I went there on the 15th of Jan for my annual physical and to do a vitamin D lab test. I took and appointment with Dr. Luh and he seemed really good and ordered the needed lab tests for me. After 10 days of my visit, I called the clinic many times and sent emails to Dr. Luh begging for a reply. After 14 days!!!! I got a reply with my lab result, however, they forgot to do the vitamin D test!!! .They draw some blood again for the vitamin D and to check my liver enzymes. The same ignorance happened again. I called many times and sent many email and I got a reply after 14 days that they missed one of the tests and they need to draw blood again!!! .I went there and did the test and for the third time they ignored me and didn't care for my emails and calls. Lastly they replied today after 15 days and told me that they used the wrong tube for the blood sample and they need to do the test again!!! To top this, Dr. Luh wrote me an email to till me about the needed dosage of vitamin D however he sent a different dosage to the pharmacy!!! .Today, I insisted to speak with the director and I have explained to him the careless treatment and that it should not happen to someone else.. Please do yourself a favor and don't go there,..... they don't care		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=KJuM_1eWuYUjxuIful7xSw	Booked with Dr. Horng.  He wouldn't prescribe my medications that I have already been taking, and refused to see me.  Don't try to go to this doctor if you are taking certain medications, as he definitely doesn't like prescriptions.	1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=6ZXw1GMUNF6L8WwTyuCzhQ	This place is a wreck. I received a bill from them this week for a visit with a doctor I have have NEVER seen before in my life. They have obviously billed me for someone else's doctor visit. Geez!	2 2 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=D3RTHsQQTbr5Cas2GeGVrQ	I signed up for yelp for the sole purpose of letting the world know how horrible this place is. I set an appointment because I have walked in before and they take forever for walk ins so I thought I would save some time. I sat in the patient room for an hour before the doctor came in, nonchalantly recognizing that I had been there for my entire lunch period. After another fifteen minutes of probing, prodding and pulling my shirt up to check my breathing (completely inappropriate by the way!), he said there was nothing wrong with me and he couldn't prescribe any medicine for my throat which is on fire. After years of diagnosis of tonsillitis and strep, I know my body and what would work. Instead I was told they're would be no medicine for me and after raising my concerns with the doctor, I was also asked to never return. Don't worry, I would die before I ever went back even if you were the last "doctor" on earth. Good thing there are plenty of hospitals and competent doctors near my work that will accommodate my lunch break as well as my request for antibiotics. If I could give this place zero stars, I would!.In response to your dispute of my review(Wright K.): I acknowledged that you recognized that you left me in the room for an hour. However, I have seen multiple doctors in your office before, so why did I have to wait an hour for one I had never seen? As well, if someone sets an appointment for a condition that may be life or death, then you should block them for an appropriate time frame instead of disrespecting my time-I had an appointment too, after all..As for giving me your full attention...I think NOT. If you had, you would have recognized that I actually was ill and needed antibiotics. In fact, my condition worsened overnight and I was forced to see another doctor who confirmed that my throat was severely inflamed and that I required antibiotics. I either got really lucky and found that 1 out of 10 Board certified physicians, or your diagnosis was flat out wrong(I can "confidently" say, it is the latter!) You act as if I asked you for a years supply of OxyContin....all I needed was a Z-pack. And you may not have said the exact words "nothing is wrong with you", but it was completely implied and proven when you sent me away no better than when I came in. Thanks for the luck, but it's not needed because i found a GOOD doctor that could help me to feel better....and prescribe me the antibiotics that I needed.	14 4 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=npgU2HDPlRg9kzjlMi-sAA	I've taken my family here for vaccinations and other regular checkups, etc.  Dr. Horng is very attentive and an excellent practitioner. Thanks!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=T_alnAz8oE6IeR9wEiKcXg	Efficient, great care and very professional! So glad I chose Dr. Horng as my pcp...	4 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=uPOidT0L-W5GwBJkz54edw	Checked in here and it was relatively quick...even as a walk in. Dr. Luh was professional and quick with his assessment. There was a resident doctor that saw me first. I can't remember her name but she was good too. Very professional and was friendly.	4 2	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=78ghSbw8CRakjw5PTjEFcg	I do not understand all the negative reviews about this urgent care.  This has been my fourth visit here and all those visits have been a positive one. Dr. Chow was exceptional in the way he dealed with my ailment. He went over the top and made sure that the infection I originally came in for was properly treated and taken care of. As I said I have been in here several times and all those visits including one with my daughter have been a positive one. I do understand the wait time but it is nothing compared to the other Urgent cares in the area. They are quick and are willing to help.	1	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Ou8mk-_F-bq6LVwVTCpT_A	Dr. Kolodenker was awesome. As many have already mentioned, he's very attentive and patient. .PROS:.-great at explaining what's going on.-takes the time to personally understand your problem and actually problem solve unlike many other revolving door doctors.-knows what he's talking about.CONS:.-None that I can think of so far. He was great!.Btw, I went in because i wanted to make sure my walking posture was good. I also started doing barefoot long distance walking and wanted to make sure the pains I was feeling were normal growing pains and nothing serious.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=0I7mJavfKmtHDOtGqmzB9A	Dr. Kolodenker and his staff are amazing. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a podiatrist in Orange County..My 12 yo had a really painful ingrown toenail. We called Dr. Kolodenker's office and they were able to see us the very same day. When checking in, I told them my insurance had a really high deductible, so they looked into it, and worked with me to pay based on their cash schedule, which ended up being way better than going through the insurance..The doctor himself and his nurse where very friendly, and really cool to my son who was a bit apprehensive about the procedure. They took their time to reassure him about what they were going to do, and to make sure it was pain-free. They also made sure they had addressed any questions about the care of the toe after the procedure, and gave us all the time we needed to address our questions and concerns..I wish I knew about this doctor some years ago, when I suffered from ingrown toenails myself, and went to a couple of different doctors who insisted on a bunch of follow up visits which frankly seemed unnecessary..I really can't recommend this practice enough. This is the way all doctors should practice medicine.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eYA9r9uholRARGkKxiRMiQ	Dr. K is hands down the BEST doctor I have ever been to. He really cares about his patients and has the best bed side manner. I went to him for bad bunions on both feet that were genetically caused. He fixed one and even called me on his day off when I was in pain and told me things I could do to help the pain. He then fixed my other foot a few months later. I just had my last appointment today and was actually sad not to have to come in and see dr. K anymore. He's definitely someone I would recommend to anyone and everyone with a foot problem. He fixed my feet for good and I can't wait for my life with two perfect feet thanks to dr. K!!!!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Zh1v21EJ68OK3hks5dYjmw	Dr. Kolodenker is not only a great doctor but also a thorough and experienced teacher. I was "shadowing" Dr. Kolodenker for three weeks.  I saw his work with patients, ability to diagnose conditions and manage the patient concerns. It is impressive how he puts patient's needs first and never forget to consider all treatment options. He honestly answers to all questions and openly describes all pros and cons about details of treatment..I learned many good points about doctor-patient relationship and ethic. He never ignored my questions and allowed me to tell my opinion about patient condition and plan of treatment. (Every time when we had discussion of particular disease or details of surgery he would've proved his point by showing to me context in the book) While discussing particular diseases, Dr. Kolodenker is on top of academical knowledge. After I spent more than two weeks, I got better understanding of American medical system and particularly about profession podiatrist, which helped me to make decision about my own career (what is very valuable tool when you are standing in front of choosing a residency). .Overall it was amazing experience and good studying, I will recommend Dr. Kolodenker to everybody who have foot problem.  Hope that will be more doctors like Dr. Kolodenker.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pE4VnHpJWFzSVc1e3p7CRg	The reviews are true! Dr. Kolodenker and his staff are nothing shy of amazing. I wish he didn't just specialize in podiatry so my family and I could see him for everything ! .I initially saw Dr. Kolodenker last week because I was having pain in both of my big toes (on the inner nail bed) and from the moment I walked in the door to the moment I left it was a great experience. The front desk ladies greeted me right away and got me signed in. Then Dr. Kolodenker examined my toes and said it might be a minor infection under the skin so he instructed I apply neospirin daily to see if it helped and if it didn't help then it was probably a small ingrown nail offending my skin. I went home that day and his nurse called me a couple days later to follow up. Turns out the neospirin only helped a little so they got back in the office in no time. He was able to remove my ingrowns in less than 10 minutes. He explained every step of the process and made sure I understood the care instructions for when I got home. His nurse called again the following day to make sure everything was fine. The follow through from this office is amazing! I even had my 8 month old son with me asleep in his stroller during my last visit and the staff all whispered when they spoke around me. How considerate is that! Like I said they're amazing ! The office is easy to find, clean and organized too :) you will not be disappointed if you come here.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=rYcs4N6InQkAkicVrGh2kw	Dr. Kolodenker just fixed my deformed toes. I am happy about the result. He's skillful, cheerful, and patient. He cared to follow up with me on Sat, which is the second day after my surgery, I was a little surprised because it's hard to connect to a doctor on the phone even on weekdays based on my experience.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ETEkaLV8JCDtQEJXzmN4jA	Went to Dr. Kolodenker based on Yelp reviews and was suitably impressed.  He's very personable, takes time, explains what the problems are and goes over the options.   He works with you on the least invasive way first & doesn't go for the high dollar treatments immediately, if there's an easier way..The staff is very helpful, personable and friendly, too..First, I went because of an issue with a painful large callus on my heel.   .I also have numbness and tingling in my feet that a neurologist had stated was due to small nerve damage & nothing could be done about it.  I brought this  up with Dr. K & he stated it could be pinched nerves in the back that are the actual source of the problem and recommended to try PT, as a 1st step & come back.  This actually didn't help the feet, but did help other muscles.  The next step is to see an orthopedic neurologist.  .The main thing is he helped me with the callus and gave me opportunities for other options to help the issue with my feet and explained thoroughly why he was giving them to me.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pQQ7_J_keMNRdQ0iJ0ySzg	Dr. K really helped with me with my foot when I needed assistance on such short notice. He took his time with me instead of rushing the appointment. I walked out feeling really happy with his service and advice. He definitely knows what he's talking about when giving you a diagnosis. Also staff is very friendly and personal. I will keep coming back! 5 stars in my book!!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pMbyy_1YdCsA00HzX6tPcg	I was pleasantly surprised with Dr. Kolodenker's proficiency in podiatry..During athletic activities I had sustained some minor injuries to my feet that I was concerned about. Luckily, Dr. Kolodenker put my mind at ease by answering all my questions and seemed to really care for any ailments I had..He was even able to suggest exercises to improve mobility in the desired areas I wished to strengthen..Probably one of the best doctors in general I have seen. Definitely recommended. 5 Stars! *****	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5ezYXbN9M-42ZgBQ2dwrCQ	Dr. Kolodenker and staff are great. Professional and right to the point. No up-sells here. I've never been to a foot doctor before. Before you know I had to visit his office twice in 1 month. Simple procedure......in....and then out.... No BS and no long waits.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=kjo1McwKoY-ega9UBT0WXg	I've been meaning to do this review for Dr. Kolodenker since Spring 2011, but I'm not much of a writer so I'll do my best.  .I've had many foot/ankle issues for a few years since I rolled my ankle several times developed plantar fasciitis twice, and arthritis on my right foot all throughout 2009 -  2010.  Because of all the injuries, I wasn't able to run like I used to back in college.  I used to run 6 miles a day but by 2010, I was only able to run 3 miles every two or three days and on the rest days, I would have intense foot pain.  .I called a podiatrist (not Dr. Kolodenker) because I was fed up with my inability to run.  When I went there, his first method of treatment was to get my foot casted for orthotics and a short of cortisol.  He said I would be good from then on.  After the orthotics came in and the cortisol took effect, I was only able to run 1 month and the pains started up again.  The doctor took x-rays and told me I had arthritis thats causing my pain and I couldn't do anything about it.  I called another doctor (not Dr. Kolodenker) and he concluded the same thing.  He told me "you're still young.  Deal with it like I deal with the pain when I golf."  That was unacceptable.  .I went to Snail's Pace and one of the workers there recommended going to Dr. Kolodenker.  I went and told him my experiences with the other doctors.  He told me his goal was to get me back to running with no pain or minimal pain.  He wanted me to go to physical therapy (and recommended a location) to get everything stretched and clean up the scar tissue in my foot, casted my foot for orthotics, and showed me the different stretches I can do outside of physical therapy.  He also gave me suggestions on how to better train myself to better my running.  .After about 2 months of physical therapy and stretching, I was back to running 4-5 miles every other day with very minimal pain.  When I went back to Dr. Kolodenker, he gave me a cortisol shot for the last of the pain.  It did the trick.  Since then, I was able to go running again and have absolutely no pain in my foot (shin splints is another issue).  .I appreciated Dr. Kolodenker's time and thoroughness in explaining what he was doing and what was going on, and not once did he say I had to "deal with the pain."  I didn't feel like he wanted to get me in and out of there like the above reviewer posted, but he took the time to meet with me longer than the 10-15 minutes I experienced from the other podiatrists.  .He gave me tips and suggestions on running and I feel confident that I can always go to Dr. Kolodenker if I ever have foot problems again.  As of today, I've been running since summer of 2011 and the pain hasn't been an issue since.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fOETqvQ5Zj02rORf1avMRQ	DO NOT GO HERE. YOUR FOOT/ANKLE IS BETTER OFF DOING NOTHING..He performed surgery on my ankle over a year ago. I'm now having to go to a different surgeon to clean up the mess he left. In my surgeons words - He did just enough for it not to be malpractice. Not only did he not fix the existing problems, he created some new ones from his botched surgery. He has no clue what he was doing in surgery. A good surgeon would have known if he did a good job or not..If you want to waste thousands of dollars and increase the pain you're in Kolodenker is your guy!		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=eCRTj6nIvdZomU8_NW5jrA	Dr. Kolodenker is the real deal. He is not a normal Dr. .What i mean is he is not all about the money. He is actually concerned about the individual, and not how much money he can get out of them..I would recommend him to everyone..You will not be disappointed.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ZOoz0Uo5NJseFDr_Xe8LWw	i first visited dr kolodenker 2 years ago for an ingrown toenail and left with a fixed nail plus the tools and knowledge necessary to take better care of my toes. fast forward and i went in for another ingrown toenail issue that led to an infection. again, the doc fixes me up and also gives me some good stretch recommendations for the plantar fasciitis i'm dealing with. the next morning he personally calls me to follow up and see how i'm doing. how amazing is that? i give the doc full marks and highly recommend him! great personality and office staff are pleasant and on their game as well. thank you!	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=yMcLKjG1i9sfIE2d5qW_1w	Doctor K was cool and hip! Got me in and out in 30mins for a minor in grown toenail removal. Explained everything clearly as he was working on my toe. Even let me watch the whole procedure. .Receptionist, isn't bad, nor super great. It's really about the doctor, I could care less if the receptionist is bad. She's not the one that's going to cure me.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=hjtrACLrGQ2pJH5D9O8vGg	I visited Dr. Kolodenker last Friday after breaking one of my little toes.  Ouch!  They got me in quickly, his staff was knowledgeable, and Dr. Kolodenker was very knowledgeable.  Unlike the typical Orthopedic office and surgeon, he took a lot of time to explain my injury and how to deal with it, and I didn't feel like a just "another number."  He put my mind at ease and really changed my perception about Podiatrists and the specialty overall.  I would definately recommend Dr. Kolodenker to my friends, colleagues and family..In addition, I really liked the explanation videos on his website.  	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=oTRrNy5VIaTw7MKEvxZl7A	Dr K is awesome.  I didn't really think that my aching feet needed a podiatrist visit, but I'm so glad that I went to Dr K.  The office is clean and the staff was efficient.  I was quickly seated into an exam room.  I did have to wait about 10 min for the doctor, only because he was next door helping another patient.  Maybe you can get pissed at that, but if he's willing to spend that kind of time on another patient, he's going to spend that much time with you too.  Turned out that I had planar faceitis.  He explained EVERYTHING to me (when's the last time a Dr did that for you?)  He could have upsold me with whatever orthotics, but he showed me how to message my feet and instructed me to buy good insoles/shoes.  Immediately, I went home and did what he instructed.  I've been having feetgasms ever since.  Thanks Dr K for making walking pleasurable again.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EIt6eXHB8t9ZGbfKTe3nQQ	Thank goodness I found Dr. Kolodenker! I have been struggling with the same problem for a while now and the other doctors I saw wanted to do the same routine of X-rays and orthotics. Finally I found one that gave me some other options. He was so amazing and I could tell how much he truly cares instead of looking to make money off of me. Truly the nicest most genuine doctor. Now I just wish he could be my doctor for everything!!  Five stars I won't go anywhere else for a podiatrist!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=o8xbLe9ymmV8_X0rlKRWAg	My boyfriend doesn't yelp, so do his yelping for him. He had a really bad situation with his toe, we couldn't tell if it was ingrown or what had happened. He's in the Army so he is constantly wearing boots and could hardly let it air out to heal. He finally gave in and found Dr. Kolodenker, he got an appointment and ever since going in, his toe has been great and not hurting! It's also healing pretty quickly. Thanks for the great work!	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=nz9ZDEe5Yb9nh6NBt4vEnA	If you get rid of the bossy, rude receptionist, I will consider going in to see the doctor.  Te receptionist is rude and gives me the strong sense that this office is about maximizing my visits and maximizng my insurance for unecessary procedures.  I want is inserts and a check up, she tells me that this will be at least 4 visits, really?  The receptionist got me very upset with her I know everything attitude... then why are you still the receptionist?	11 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dNQlJAhu2pN_cTU7c1OoZQ	Thank you yelp for helping me find Dr. Kolodenker!!! .I had a plantar wart (ew gross) that I had gone to my family doctor to remove. Probably not the best idea but that was just my first instinct. So he removed it but about 6 months later it seemed like it was coming back. Plantar warts are hard to get rid of. So I went to a podiatrist in Anaheim, who basically mocked me for having my family dr. try to remove the wart. He gave it a freezing treatment and made a follow up appt with me but I was so unhappy with his attitude toward me as a patient I never went back..Flash forward another 6 months. A callous had formed on the bottom of my foot and was hurting and driving me crazy. But I was dreading going back to the other podiatrist. .Enter Yelp to the rescue. I found Dr. Kolodenker who had enough good reviews and stars to persuade me to give it another go at the podiatrist. .The receptionist was very helpful on the phone and got me an appt right away. .Dr. Kolodenker was professional and knowledgable. He explained that the wart may or may not have been removed but he scraped the callous away, told me to use some over the counter medicines to try to see if the wart is actually completely gone and made a follow up appt in 3 weeks. .Overall I was very pleased with the way it all went with Dr. Kolodenker.Pros-.The staff were very polite and friendly.Dr. Kolodenker was also very kind and knowledgable.He gave me a plan of attack and a follow up appt..Cons-.The only con was that I had to wait about half an hour before I was taken back to the exam rooms. .If you need to see a podiatrist I would definitely recommend Dr. Kolodenker	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bdXt40rbaNpBMV3ZYQLFxw	Dr. GK was fantastic. Extremely knowledgeable and helpful. He identified the sores on my feet immediately and took action to cure them. I loved that the receptionist calls a couple days prior to your appointment to remind you of it. Quick, easy, friendly, enough said...go here.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=U7Rm6w9B6eJK4yFdBZKkEw	Just had an appointment with Dr K. He had spent more than 30min with me (longest time I had spent within a doctor appointment) and very patient to listen my story, not rushing it. Instead of ordering me a new orthotic (custom shoe insert) which usually cost around $250 (most insurance does not cover), he adjusted my existing one, so that it can be used and comfortable now. He was in and out about three to four times to fix my orthotic. At the end of appointment, he even paused and asked if I have any other questions. In my mind, I thought he might not have any patient after me, so that he could spent this much of time with me. I was wrong. Once he left the room, he immediately walked into another room for another patient..The other thing impressed me is his assistance, Michelle. When she's leading me to the room and she heard the squeaking noise from my old orthotic which is rubbing my shoes (I had this noise for long time, but don't know how to fix it). While I am waiting Dr K., she offered to fix this problem by putting wax around the orthotic. Yes. it is fixed now, thanks Michelle. What a careful assistant..Overall, his front office staff and assistant are very polite and friendly. I paid $62 total for co-pay and x-ray. I will have follow up appointment with him in a month and will see. So far, Dr K. is highly recommended from my experience.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dDkM5-qu0hlzcas8rUI8aw	What a great experience. I was scared going in but Dr. Kolodenker made me very comfortable right from the beginning.  He was gentle and patient and kept checking to be sure I was doing ok.  He took the time to explain everything and made you feel his real concern.  The staff was very nice; his assistant knew her job and was very courteous also.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Kolodenker to my friends and family.  Thanks doc and staff!.L E D		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E0K6v4dzY-0wR1ZO76EBtg	I agree that Dr. Kolodenker has turned out to be the great doctor that this rating suggests.  As an avid runner frustrated by multiple injuries, I went to see him hoping for a resolution.  It turned out that I needed surgery, and the office staff went above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of quickly.  Dr. Kolodenker performed the surgery and followed up with me to make sure I was doing ok.  I'm healing well and really feel like I got the best care possible.  I've already recommended him to a few people with foot ailments and will continue to endorse him at every opportunity.  Thanks Dr. Kolodenker!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Fscb6PiyArKcgonRAEVEmA	As usual yelp was helpful in finding a doctor.  This office has friendly staff - a great nurse! And the doctor is super kind and smart and thorough in his checking and explanations - very impressed!  He was great with children and I will definitely bring our family for any foot care.   So thankful for a great, on-time appointment and awesome doctor!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BXFlzq7lv7NV2ad8kqyotg	Dr. Kolodenker was by far the best doctor I have ever gone to. I have had the same problem with my leg for over a year now and have seen many different doctors and not one of them was able to do anything that helped me at all until I saw Dr.Kolodenker. He was not only able to actually resolve my problem but you can tell he wasn't just waiting to get me out the door and on to the next patient like most doctors you see, he actually genuinely cared and spent the time with me answering all of my questions. I definitely recommend him and wouldn't go to any other doctor!!! His office staff was also very friendly ad helpful which made my experience at his office that much better!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8trnqMSOp8MaTGrNKkoeng	overall very good group.  they have very convenient walk-in hours up till 8pm.  came in once for impacted earwax and the medical assistant was very patient in getting everything out--best $15 copayment ever spent.  the experience with my infant daughter was mixed. the doctor (I believe it was Dr. Luh) was very nice and patient with us (my 10month old cannot pee on command for a urine sample...)  I was told to drop off the sample the next morning since we came right before closing time.  The following morning I dropped off the sample and was told by the nurse that the doctor would review the sample and send off a prescription by mid-morning.  i called around noon to check if the urine test came back positive, and was rebuffed several times by the receptionist who was exceptionally rude. The receptionist kept telling me that he had no idea when Dr. Luh was going to review the urine test results and told me to call back at the end of the day.  Meanwhile, my daughter has a 103 fever... I finally got angry and asked to speak directly to the nurse who I spoke to in the morning who was very polite and told me that the prescription was ready for pick up.  So overall, a nice convenient medical group in our neighborhood for urgent care issues.  But a couple of annoying receptionist working up front can cast a real negative light on the rest of the practice.	5	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=5SlND1dnP86776WaslfW4g	Dr. Kolodenker is amazing!  He came highly recommended by my physical therapist.  .I love that I never have to wait long to be seen, he takes his time and is very considerate and thorough.  My son had some planters warts removed by him and throughout the whole process he was accessible when I had questions and made the procedure less frightening for myself and my son. I would highly recommend him for pediatrics as well as adults.  Dr. Kolodenker is an exceptional doctor!	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fG8gx1HZVZekZqgA9ojO8A	Came in bc 5+ yr old orthotics were causing pain since Nov back surgery. Dr adjusted orthotics and made follow up appt. if adjustment helped he would cast me for new ones. Adjustments didn't help. 2nd appt led to addtl adjustment of only one (added a lift to the heel and arch). Dr took no X-rays, never saw me walk w/o orthotics (gait analysis) , no measurements of flex ion etc., with my sock on & with his fingers showed me how to tape my own foot and gave me a band for an exercise. But diagnosed me with Posterior Tib Tendon Dysfunction! Awesome-thanks....for nothing except unusable orthotics.	8 4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=j4C8VS6R3h2WG8_DTOGiUg	I originally found Dr. Kolodenker from Yelp and I'm really happy I did. I was originally seeing a different podiatrist before I came across Dr. K but I wasn't happy with my prior doctor. At my first appointment with Dr. K I knew he was the doctor to perform surgery on my foot. He's seriously awesome! He removed a decent size ganglion cyst and months later it looks and feels great! I highly recommend him and his staff.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=sSrdpG8l1CQ4j0sMRgxN_g	Receptionists were extremely rude. I showed up at 12:30 for my appointment and I checked back in with the receptionists at 1:15 after all other patients had been taken back (who came in after me). She then told me my appt was "I think at 11:30". She then said "oh it looks like it was at 12". I was told 12:30 on the phone. You think they'd check the schedule when you check in and/or notify you if it's wrong. After I said "I was told 12:30 on the phone" the receptionist goes "oh ok.".Doctor has great reviews as he should, but reception staff is terrible	11	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=tIoszUNNevjjvk4r-tNKTw	This office is amazing! Dr. Kolodenker was fabulous and fast. I called Monday morning and was able to see him in the early afternoon. I had an ingrown toenail, (I had never had one of these before,) due to pregnancy! He checked it out, did a little procedure and sent me on my way in under 45 mins with simple instructions! He is smart, nice, answered all my questions and had me laughing!! .The staff is amazing and very helpful! .I recommend Dr. Kolodneker to anyone who is worried about their feet and wants a great experience!	5 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=v94mIgqi083VaFqWqECAPA	I suffer from Plantar Fasciitis and have been to one other Podiatrist who was a good Doctor, but was quick to suggest surgery (don't get me wrong, he is great), but I really tried steering away from surgery, so ... .I researched other Podiatrists and found Dr. Kolodenker in Irvine, CA.  It's quite a drive for me, but, before I scheduled my appointment, what sold me was a video of Kolondenker and from what I gathered is, he really is a fan of 'let's try everything first' before even thinking surgery is an option. .At the end of my visit, I asked if there will there be a follow up appt.  Kolendenkers reply was, "not if you would like one, because I am sure you will be a lot better after PT". I thought, this guy is a Podiatrist for ALL THE RIGHT REASONS.  No up selling, or booking me just to get me in for repetitive crap..Thank you Kolondenker and Staff.  You were very pleasant and professional.	4	4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=pm-6v-WSusQKR4_ccPlmdA	Dr. Kolodenker is an incredible doctor. He is so kind and attentive, and he's also really gentle and thorough during his examinations. My surgery experience with him was fantastic. He put all my reservations at ease. I am so glad I went to see him. If you're searching for a foot doctor, there isn't a better one I would recommend. Dr. Kolodenker is AWESOME.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=gwzohXlUlyyTdsTmunaKbw	I love to workout regularly. Since May of this year my left ankle was swollen after every visit to the gym, to the point that icing wouldn't reduce the swelling anymore. I also suffer from plantar fasciitis...double whammy. After a couple of months of rest and PT, the swelling was down, but the pain was still there. .My first visit to Dr. Kolodenker was a couple of weeks ago. He listened to my history, had easy bedside manner, and solved the pain! After months of frustration and annoying pain, he knew how to help me get back to the gym! Amazing Doctor! Highly recommend if you're an athlete, or active person.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=dmV5CNt2QG-CcQG16jTFuw	Had a great experience with Dr. K! I got an infection over the weekend due to a botched ingrown toe nail trimming while my big toe nail was falling off due to a sport injury. The office accomodated a same day appt on Monday due to my infection. Very efficient front office staff and friendly. Dr. K was very patient, soothing even though I was scared and for the first time ever with a doctor I didn't feel rushed. He trimmed my dead nail nice, fixed my infection area and bandaged very quick and efficiently. I like and noticed the quality bandages and products he uses. Obviously my injury was minor but i'd definitely recommend others and will come back again. He even did a follow-up personal call 2 days later. Love the service! Most importantly, you can tell he is a very competent doctor.	3 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=o0W6s1ECV_K0v7tAU9-g2A	Dr. Kolodenker is great. However, the overall office/business administration is NOT good. I apparently had a balance due since February, but was not notified about the balance until July! The office blamed it on the company they outsource their billing too. I'm just lucky it didn't go to collections yet. I highly recommend they find a new billing vendor.	1 1	2.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=fklPiL8IujoWi2vpfjee6w	Went to see Dr. Kolodenker for pain in the ball of my foot. The receptionist got me checked in quickly and was pleasant to deal with as well as the rest of the office staff. Service is very efficient, even with the forms I had to fill out it took only about 10 minutes to see the doctor. He listened to my concerns, examined my foot, and took an x-ray to make sure there were no fractures. Dr. Kolodenker sent me on my way with  some metatarsal pads to put in my shoes along with some recommended orthotics. The entire visit including x-ray's took maybe 35 minutes. Also since installing the pads in my shoes the pain in my foot has subsided.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lpJv2lQuxRrnlOmO6kZrHw	Let me tell you why I love this office.  .First the Dr. is smart- he figured out what was wrong with an orthotic made by another Dr and fixed it.  By doing this, we get to his second great point- his honesty. He could have told me I need a new one,- instead he fixed the existing orthotic, saving me a lot of money.  When I asked him to make another one for my regular shoes since I'd heard you need different ones for sneakers, he told me that I could use the same orthotic- saving me more money.  His staff love him and tell me how great he is and how they recommend him to all their friends.  Dr. Kolodenker looks you in the eye, talks calmly and honestly and I totally trust him.  He is checking my feet with an MRI to confirm that to fix my separating toes, he can do a much less complicated surgery than the other podiatrist told me I needed.   See him.  There is nothing but good vibes in this place.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=MzzU6jgtRTUeTkuzVasAPA	I am a girl who wore Toms. I shouldn't have because I have feet problems. This is what landed me in the office. .Dr. Kolodenker was great from the beginning. The staff got me in the day after I called and I had almost no wait (which is RARE). He did a quick examination, took an x-ray, saw nothing was broken, did more of the doctor examination thing, and sent me off to get an MRI. He also gave me advice on getting a special ankle brace to help me out (which was loads better than what I had initially bought). I didn't have to go back to the office to get the results of the MRI as he was prompt to call me the day after I got the MRI done. Luckily, nothing is torn but I do have to baby my foot a bit..and those Toms went into the trash. .Hopefully I don't have to go to the doctor's again for my foot issue but if I do, I will be sure to go to Dr. Kolodenker.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8zjVTe54uTACEgD8Bo9leA	Dr. Kolodenker is thorough, diligent and attentive.  The entire experience during my visit exceeded my expectations.  I have been dealing with a foot injury for a few months that is causing a great deal of pain.  I had an MRI that a prior podiatrist reviewed and read as normal.  However in my first visit Dr. Kolodenker was able to look at the same MRI and see a small area that may be the source of my recurring injury.  I am now going for further testing, and feel confident that Dr. Kolodenker is going to give me the best possible care.  .I was further impressed by his prompt  response to an email I sent after my visit.  I forgot to ask him for a note verifying my injury during the visit, and he replied within 2 hours confirming he would have a note prepared..I am so glad I decided to get a second opinion and I would highly recommend Dr. K to anyone in need of a great podiatrist.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=bvHp_8HfimEwDVJO-rpPnA	I saw Dr. Kolodender today for chronic plantar fascitis which I've had for 5 years now. I've been to 12 specialists and Dr.Kolodender is by far one of the best MD I've seen thus far. He was very patient, listened and answered ALL of my concerns/questions. He's not quick to do surgery. He wants to cover all bases and have surgery as a very last resort. I definitely recommend him!! His staff was very friendly as well! :-)	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xObsJqjEdQDomYpap9ltDQ	I decided to visit Dr. Kolodenker after having issues with a previous podiatrist for an ingrown toenail removal procedure that became infected.  The other doctor was telling me I may have had to have my entire toenail removed so I decided to get a second opinion.  His office was able to get me an appointment the day after I called and everyone in his office is very helpful and pleasant to work with - it's a well-oiled machine.  .Dr. Kolodenker himself has a great bedside manner - he actually sat and took the time to listen to all my concerns and was very patient as he described my options.  It's now about a week later and the infection is clearing up and doing much better - without having to have my whole nail removed.  I even received two calls from his office just to check in and see how I was doing - one the day after I saw him and one on the Friday after, at which time they made sure to give me his email address in case I had any concerns over the weekend..I'm so glad I went to Dr. Kolodenker and I will definitely recommend him to anyone who has a need to visit a podiatrist.	2 1 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=lXHVWgEjsigquUfJ0NRnww	Dr. Kolodenker is truly the best.  He was so patient with my piled up questions as we talked about the procedures and options for me.  Even when I did come across a flurry of invoices and confusion with billing, he really was the source to help clear it up and make sure I was taken care of.  I highly recommend Dr. Kolodenker to anyone.	2	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=PtHB7BdOmieFEHkWWQv_5w	I told the front desk I did not have insurance when I made the appointment and when I arrived but they never told the doctor.  I was charged $150 for an office visit that was no more than 10 minutes, if that.  I was given a prescription for a tube of foot cream that cost $500.  Needless to say I refused it.  I called the doctor back but he said there was nothing else he could prescribe and told me to go to buy something off the shelf at a drug store.  End result is no prescription, wasted $150 and a lot of my time.  What a waste!.In response to the doctor's comment....Our lengthy conversation was less than 5 mins, I have a timer on my phone.  .During our conversation you confused me with another patient with a different medical issue..$500 for a tube is of foot cream is absurd..The card you gave me does waive the co-pay....if you have insurance, I have told your office twice that I did not.  I wasn't sure what the card was for when you gave it to me so I asked at the front when I left and they told me to just give it to the pharmacy..I never complained about the amount of time you spent with me so I don't understand your comment about questions..I asked for a reduced rate on the office visit because it was very brief and non productive and you told me you could only take $20 off the office visit and only if I wrote a letter which is not worth my time..I was very surprised by the doctor's response.  He could have simply said please contact us so we can make this right which would have been professional.  A woman from his office did contact me AFTER. I posted on Yelp offering me free samples of foot cream.  I applaud her customer service, however after reading the doctor response I will decline	5 2	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=XWw81WAP5rqDD8dYHjJ3SQ	Great experience.  Dr. Kolodenker was very nice and did a great job on my toenail procedure.  I would definitely recommend him to others.  They also called me the next day to check on me which I always think is a nice touch.	1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=EiYuj8mBtY7icnpaRR_axw	I went to Dr. Kolodenker to treat a broken foot diagnosed by an urgent care doctor.  I did a lot of online research (thanks Yelp!) and chose Dr. Kolodenker because I am a runner and he has experience treating running-related injuries..His office got me in immediately, and Dr. Kolodenker spent a lot of time with me explaining my injury and answering my questions.  He called me the next day to ask me how I'm doing.  He's a really friendly guy and has a good "bedside manner."  I found his nurse and his staff to be very courteous and professional as well.  They offered to help me carry my things down to my car when I left in a boot.  I'm still seeing him and will update if anything changes, but so far it's been a really good experience.	3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ir8QB-i3NcPmtXefcZpDgg	I went on 7/31, Tues. The front desk gestapo was short and indifferent. No problem - I just wanted to see a doctor for congested lungs, cough, swollen glands, and sore throat.  Dr. Julie Kaltgrad told me to pick up the antibiotic on Friday at the pharmacy in case I develop sinusitis as well as nasal spray with steroids.. No other meds or advice was given. I asked if can go to work. She said I can if I wear a mask. Really? Even my 10 year old thought her comment was odd.  In addition, she wrote me a work note stating that I was contagious for 4 to 5 days from 7/31. Does this doctor seem to have no bed side manners?  The next day, I went to Sand Canyon Urgent Care. Dr. Badakhshan put me on antibiotics right away. I got the Z pack, which the Woodbury doctor refused to prescribe. She said it won't work. She also gave me a prescription for cough to help me sleep at night. Apparently, I needed the antibiotic for infection right away.  I knew it! Something about the first diagnosis was incorrect. Dr. Badakshhan also gave me a work note to excuse me from work for a few days due to a medical condition. Now, isn't this a normal doctor's note?.I am very disappointed with Woodbury Medical Group.  It's bad enough that I had to deal with the gestapo at their front desk. Trust your instincts whenever you feel something is wrong.  My primary doctor, Dr. Teo is great. My daughter and I love her. However, I  will avoid this place from now on. .I can see why they have several bad reviews here.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=IJMB-QQjIwmFm7RIcHaKKg	I could not be any happier with this place. Though I have an urgent care down the street from my house, I am more than willing to drive the 20 minutes to see Dr Luh. He is just amazing! I went in knowing exactly what I wanted as far as medicine goes (I'm a nursing graduate so I'm not a drug seeker, I just know my drugs) and that's exactly what I got. It's nice when the doctor remembers you (yes, they do read charts before coming in too) I felt at ease when I told him my hx, family hx as well as s/s. He took everything into consideration and helped lessen my anxiety. I am also very thankful when he and his colleague figured out what was going on with me during high school.  I hope he never changes facilities!!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=On-xezbJJTHXy-xEYl-VbQ	I've only had a minor problem with this group. all the pages of my company fmla papers didn't transmitt. they redid it as soon as the problem was discovered. I've always been able to get in to see Dr Luh when I needed to. If not that day the next. He looks at all the symptoms and has found more serious issues than I thought I'd come in for. Being a cancer survivor when I wasn't given enough time to have a test I scheduled the appointment for by the person that scheduled the appointment. Dr Luh has corrected that and made time. I met Dr Luh about 4-5 yrs ago at another Hoag facility he was filling in for my regular Dr. I was so impressed I switched Drs after that.	10 1 3	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=_f4Zjm4xaU8VF40dcdhMSA	What can I say about this place but it is the best clinic ever. Dr, Horng who has been my doctor for over 8 years saved my mom from dying of stage 3 Uterine Cancer, because he was,and is, such a thorough and brilliant doctor, who detected it, ran the needed tests, and had her into Hoag within three weeks to an oncologist.  He has a bedside manner that is professional, he listens, and cares.  I have insurance and also make a number of appointments because my whole family and extended family, and three friends use this facility. It is clean, well managed, the ladies in the front, although talkative to one another at times, are friendly and the wait time is always under an hour. Best part, if you make an appointment, your wait is less than ten minutes. I feel like they value my time.  Another thing I love about this facility is their accessibility on weekends for urgent care. I have been seen by all of the doctors in this facility and have to say they are top notch, they don't rush the visit, and they run tests that need to be done.  A+ from this teacher!		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=GsYFI6vapE0Iulqc2hQfZw	Do not bother going!!! Do not get to see a doctor, just a PA who gave us Amoxicillan and when it didn't work I could not get them to return my calls even after waiting 6 hours and calling hours!!!		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=cIgvA8mLUou7cahCUZqPKw	The front desk has no knowledge of any opporating procedures and is completely unhelpful. After going through the difficulties with the front desk the wait times are outrageous even when there is no one in the waiting room!		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=BkO1-vkh6uZThtf8NXPTCw	The front staff help and nurses are extremely incompetent, that goes for the doctors too. I've been going here because I live in Woodbury and its extremely close and convenient. My first encounter is with an incompetent male MD. I came in for wheezing and breathing problems in my chest due to a respiratory cold and they gave me a corticosteroid nasal spray, wrong!  I had a friend who was a doctor and he gave me Proair and that resolved the issue! I didn't submit a review but after my most recent encounter, I had duty too let other people know and not go here! I experienced incompetent front desk staff help, not friendly at all and a little curtsy, that was the last draw.  Do NOT go here!!!!		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Ht_bvyVnmo_Ep0qUz0ED3A	I got charged 4 times each time for $175 for Benign Lesions within 4 office visits for the same treatment. They will not drop or reduce the charges! It took less than 5 minutes of Doctors time to apply liquid nitrogen to the infected areas. I feel, I got ripped off!	3 3 3	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=wqlM-CX-CMA92w1z-_NvVg	I am Chloe's mother. Let me point out  your D.O. has misdiagnosed Chloe's medical condition. She sent her through unnecessary tests which cost me over $1,000 in deductible. True, a patient can decline test, but that is called AMA (against medical advise). We as patient rely heavily on competent doctor to diagnose and treat us. Chloe was seen by your D.O. Went through unnecessary tests. Her condition was worse and was in severe pain. We consulted another M.D. who gave her the simple ulcer meds and no tests needed. He commented that gall stone in a 17 yr old is rare. You stated you follow standard of practice. In Chloe's case you definitely not following standard of practice. Chloe has history of epigastric pain relieved by simple meds which documented in her chart (she was seen in your clinic for the same condition just a few month ago) now she in same pain. Your D.O. sent her to rule out gall stone? You have no concern whether your D.O. negligence has caused harm to Chloe. Instead, you called me 2 times to ask me to remove Chloe's review. You asked nothing about how Chloe's condition or how she is doing. Your medical director, Dr Horng called me want to talk about the review. You threatened to ban my whole family from your walk in if I do not remove the review. It just stunted me how obsessive you are about your reputation but no concern about your patient. Take care of your patient, your reputation will take care of itself.	31 8 8	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=u_XyCHcTGcJVJJ3x7YacVg	I'm also surprised by the negative reviews, and if those reviewers ever had to go the Irvine Walk in at Heritage plaza (dirty, rude staff, constant misdiagnosis, drs that wont speak tot he patient over the phone, long waits - hr to 2 hr range which is typical), they would think twice before being so overly negative.  This clinic is by far the best one in Irvine.  I have been going to the Woodbury Hoag since it opened and am highly satisfied. Once I waited a half an hour, but most times its not that long. The doctors are great, and I have had great experiences with Dr Luh, Chow and etc. The facility is clean, the staff pleasant and courteous, the doctors are highly efficient with their usage of electronics and it is so convenient when they transmit the rx electronically to my preferred pharmacy.	2 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=aeeMCdafDKwQ7KW0mdIV8Q	I've been going here for about 8 months just because the location is convenient.  Every month, I have to see the doctor so he can send a prescription refill to the pharmacy.  Other doctors have written the same prescription w/3 months worth of refills.  This Dr. won't.  I have to pay a co-pay each month for my prescription. Finally, last month, the Dr. told me I do not have to come in every month for the prescription refill.  He advised when my prescription needs refilled, contact the front office and they will leave a message for him so he can send the refill info to the pharmacy.  A week before I needed a refill on my prescription,  I stopped by the office since it's on my way home from work.  I explained to them to leave a message for the Dr. to send my info to the pharmacy. At that point, the front office called someone in back, hung up the phone and told me that I need to pay a copay.  Why? I asked.  Their explanation was  that sending the message to the Dr. is considered a 'nurse visit' and still needs a co-pay.  Totally ridiculous. I refused and am currently looking for a new Dr.	4 1 1	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=8CmzyjXSyNswdNBwjhIBng	Since I have had a lot of exposure to the medical field due to numerous medical issues in my family :-(, I am extremely careful choosing doctors for my family. Over the last few years, my husband and I have seen Dr. Horng at Woodbury Medical and have always received exemplary service and care. We have never had to wait long, have always received great medical advice, and any prescriptions have immediately been electronically sent to my pharmacy thus minimizing wait times (huge plus when you are feeling sick!). Dr. Horng is also incredibly patient with answering my many medical questions and is always kind and compassionate even when he is returning a call or email late at night!  My husband and I will be life long patients of Dr. Horng.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=YPt1Q7LGgl3QrDEPSxdocQ	I will NEVER go back to this walk in EVER! The front office staff was rude and heartless! I was in the medical field for over 7 years so I know what to expect and if someone is just having a bad day. Dr Luh was very helpful and got back to me fast when I had questions. There was a couple nice women at that front and one nice nurse but that was it. Everyone else was very rude not to mention they lost samples that I gave them so I had to come back the next day and pay another co pay for there mistake. I would go to the Woodbridge walk in before Woodbury any day!		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=jne3-j-98KcePnlQqOHt1Q	I wish I could give this place a great review. I can't. He's a great doctor, but a month after going and several (I mean several) phone calls later and still no communication about test results. First I was told I'd get a call back. The next time I was told I'd be contacted through . and the third time I called.....nextmd.com again. Yeah. It never happened. This place blows and never going back. I didn't even go into how hard it is to get your prescription refilled....	4	1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=vpXm2fyhuaXbVzVZP1EW5g	I have been a patient of WMG for 5 years and so have my kids. We see Dr. Teo. She is a very, very smart lady! She is also thorough and has a good bedside manner. 5 stars for Dr. Teo! Even after moving out of Irvine, I continue to drive to WMG because she is a trusted doctor who I hope to keep for many years. Another thing I like about WMG: I like how you do not have to go to a lab somewhere else to have bloodwork, etc. done. The nurses can do that for you right there. Very convenient. I believe the doctors also have some Saturday appointments available now which is a new thing that was done to further accommodate the patients (or at least they did as of last year). I would have given it 5 stars except I have had some billing issues where they billed me for copays I've already paid. Good thing I always save my receipts. The phone menu is a little confusing when you try calling. I can't think of too many other downsides. I see the nurses / staff every 6 weeks so they know me and are very friendly. Parking is good at this location. Appointments can be made on the NextMD website - convenient. It's just an all-around good place.		4.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=E52HruBdYbBB99FBAc26Ug	Our entire family goes to see Dr. Horng and Dr Teo whenever we need immediate care.  The center's walk in hours make the center very convenient and accessible.  The doctors and staff are always very friendly, patient.  I love how the center is very clean and organized.  I highly recommend the center as a "go to" place for immediate care or for your primary care.		5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=Z_8F1kGjn5VQL1jr0s3wLg	After reading the reviews I decided to call, both recommended doctors got off before I could get in since I was at work, so I was a little nervous but walked in to make an apt after work. Since it was patient rush hour after work I waited for about an hour, but it was worth it. Dr. Peter Monfore was amazing. He didn't rush me out, was very professional, he took his time answering all of my questions an concern and showed a general interest in me as a person rather than getting money out of me. I definitely recommend this place.	4 1	5.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=ooLgZgUoLG58-_T1zESmxg	Mixed experiences here.  I only go for after-hours stuff.  I have had two occasions where I was told I just had a cold, but ended up having pneumonia (diagnosed two days later so not sure how it could have evolved that quickly) and allergies (hmmm....).  My family doctor caught that, but Woodbury Medical did not.  That being said, they are really quick to deal with you and if you have a real concern (on one occasion, we thought our son broke his arm), they are very responsive.  Nice office too and very convenient for us.	5	3.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=G1AQjon0vKxpk5v6RERUHg	The receptionist who answered my call today is the sole reason I will not visit this practice. I would have been a new patient, but the girl at the front desk was so dense, It took me 10 minutes (!!) to make an appointment. She asked me to re-spell my name 3 times, then asked me to re-spell my address 4 times. I gave her my phone number twice, and also spelled my GP's name twice. She asked my reason for a visit, which I explained was simply to get a referral to a physical therapist (no direct access in CA), and then asked why I couldn't go to my GP. I told her that I work 8-5 and that I needed a later appointment, since my GP is only open until 5 and their office is open later. She then asked me if a 1:30 appointment would be okay. I re-explained to her that I needed a 5:30 appointment, because I work late. She then asked if I could come in at 1:30 on a different day. OH MY HELL. I was running into a meeting at work and told her I didn't have time to re-spell or re-explain anything else for her. After I got out of my meeting, I began the horrendous reading reviews on Yelp, and quickly called back to cancel my appointment. It was a different girl who answered this time - thank God. Please hire college graduates, or at least high school graduates who are semi-competent. Thank you.		1.0 star rating
/user_details?userid=xFcGEr7qdTGrOMqN8lQBOA	I was concerned about a bug bite on my 7 year old daughter. The doctors were thorough but unfortunately diagnosed it incorrectly. First the doctor thought it may be hives then ringworm was the final thought. Samples were taken and put under the microscope looking for a fungus. The two doctors told me there was no fungus...even with no medical background I believe ringworm is a fungus? I appreciated Dr. Kaltgrad getting a second opinion, however, I wish she didn't. She did not believe it was ringworm but went along with what the other doctor said. I did not leave the clinic satisfied that the doctors were confident in the diagnosis. The unprofessionalism exhibited that day was inappropriate and unnecessary. More than once the doctors excused themselves from the room while we waited and waited not knowing anything, asking for a sample without telling me why, and assuming it was ring worm. The next day I took my daughter to see her pediatrician. Immediately without hesitation he confirmed it was not ring worm. It was a tick bite. We proceeded to test for Lyme disease. Fortunately the test was negative. Thankfully this situation ended well. It scares me to think my daughter may have exhibited signs of Lyme disease after the bite was cleared up and we may never have connected the two.	1	1.0 star rating
